the idea behind the tuxedo is the woman's point of view that men are all the same, so we might as well dress them that way. that's why a wedding is like the joining together of a beautiful glowing bride, and some guy. the tuxedo is a wedding safety device created by women because they know that men are undependable. so in case the groom chickens out, everybody just takes one step over and she marries the next guy. that's why the wedding vow isn't 'do you take bill simpson', its 'do you take this man'.
have you ever fixed anybody up? why do we do it? why? you thought they would have a good time. and a little power trip for you, isn't it? now, you're playing god. of course god was the first person to fix people up. he fixed up adam and eve. you know, i'm sure he said to adam, "she's nice. she's very free about her body, doesn't really wear that much. she was going out with a snake, i think that's over though."
what are lawyers, really? to me a lawyer is basically the person that knows the rules of the country. we're all throwing the dice, playing the game, moving our pieces around the board, but if there's a problem, the lawyer is the only person that has read the inside of the top of the box. i think one of the fun things for them is to say, "objection." "objection! objection, your honor." objection, of course, is the adult version of, "fraid not." to which the judge can say two things, he can say, "overruled" which is the adult version of "fraid so," or he could say, "sustained," which is the adult version of "duh."
but in a way, i think i inadvertantly turned this guy into an alcoholic. i hate being around alcoholics because they're either telling you how much they love you or how much they hate you. and those are the two statements that scare me the most. but i think he's okay now because i have no idea how he feels about me. he's finally off the wagon.
i got ripped off for about the...18th time? and now, the first couple a times you go through it, it's very upsetting and your first reaction or one of your friends will say "call the police. you really should call the police." so "yeah, i'm calling the police. stakeouts, manhunts...i'm gonna see some real action." right, you think that. so, the police give you your copy. now...unless they give the crook his copy, i don't really think we're gonna crack this case, do you?...it's not like batman, where there's three crooks in the city and everybody pretty much knows, who they are. very few crooks even go to the trouble to come up with a theme for their careers anymore. it makes them a lot tougher to spot. "did you lose a sony? it could be the penguin...i think we can round him up, he's dressed like a penguin! we can find him, he's a penguin!
you know, why we're here? to be out, this is out...and out is one of the single most enjoyable experiences of life. people...did you ever hear people talking about "we should go out"? this is what they're talking about...this whole thing, we're all out now, no one is home. not one person here is home, we're all out! there are people tryin' to find us, they don't know where we are.  "did you ring?, i can't find him."  "where did he go?"  "he didn't tell me where he was going". he must have gone out. you wanna go out: you get ready, you pick out the clothes, right? you take the shower, you get all ready, get the cash, get your friends, the car, the spot, the reservation...there you're staring around, whatta you do? you go: "we gotta be getting back". once you're out, you wanna get back! you wanna go to sleep, you wanna get up, you wanna go out again tomorrow, right? where ever you are in life, it's my feeling, you've gotta go.
if you are a waitress and you ever see me in a restaurant, i'm telling you right now, i don't want to hear about the specials. i don't want to know about the specials. i'm sick of the specials. i hate the specials. my feeling is, if the specials were so special, they'd be on the menu. you know what's special about them? they don't know if anybody likes them. they always have these overly creative descriptions of the specials too, you know. the veil is lightly slapped, and then sequestered in a one-bedroom suite with a white wine intravenous.
i heard a weather man say that 75 percent of your body heat is actually lost through the top of the top of the head. which sounds like you could go skiing naked if you got a good hat. but there's no hat that makes a statement quite like a hat with a flap. the hat with the flaps makes a statement like no other hat makes. this hat says to the world "i would rather have the heat in my skull rather than anything society could possibly offer." in fact i would say if you're on trial for a serious crime and you lawyer recommends the insanity defense, this is the hat to wear. your lawyer should insist on it.  your honor, "the defense rests."
there's something very insincere about these greeting cards we send back and forth to each other all the time. they're like these little one-dollar folded paper emotional prostitutes, isn't it? "i don't know what my feelings are, so i'll just pay some total stranger a buck to make up this little hallmark hooker to do the job for me. so i can go, 'yeah, i didn't write this, but whatever they wrote, i think the same thing.'" wouldn't it be better if we just had one card that covered every occasion for everybody in one shot? just "happy birthday, merry christmas, happy anniversary, congratulations, it's a boy and our deepest sympathies. signed, the whole office"
you can always tell what was the best year of your father's life, because they seem to just freeze that clothing style and just ride it out to the end, don't they? and it's not like they don't continue shopping, it's just they somehow manage to find new old clothes. every father is like this fashion time capsule, you know what i mean. it's like they should be on a pedestal, with someone next to 'em going 'this was nineteen sixty-five'. to me the worst thing is shopping for pants. i hate dressing and undressing in that little room. what men need is a place to shop where you go in, you check your pants at the door, and you just walk around the store in your underwear. that would be the best way. then you'd really have to lie to the salesman. 'need some help?' 'no, just getting some air.'
i always feel bad for the silver medal winner in the olympics. how do you live with that the rest of your life? people are gonna keep asking - how much did you lose by? i don't even know...! it was like... now.now...now.now..now..was like, like... now..now..now...! it was it...! eh, it was it and i lost. i trained, i worked out, i exercised, i did everything, i was doing push-ups, sit-ups, i never did anything but exercise and work out for 20 years, i flew half way around the world and aaaaaaaaaah!... and that was...it was a photo-finish! silver......gold. if i had a pimple, i would've won.
it's an entire industry of bad gifts, aren't they? all those executive gifts, any stupid, goofy, brass, wood thing, they put a piece of green felt on the bottom. "it's a golf, desk, tie and stress organiser, dad." but to me, nothing compares with the paperweight as a bad gift. there's no better way than a paperweight, to express to someone that, "i refuse to put any thought into this at all." where are these people working that the papers are just blowing right off of their desks? what, are their desks screwed to the back of a flat-bed truck going down the highway or something? what, are they typing up in the crow's nest of a clipper ship? what do you need a paperweight for?
what's brutal about the date is the scrutiny that you put each other through. because whenever you think about this person in terms of the future, you have to magnify everything about them. you know, like the guy'll be like 'i don't think her eyebrows are even. could i look at uneven eyebrows for the rest of my life?' and of course the woman's looking at the guy, thinking 'what is he looking at? do i want somebody looking at me like this for the rest of my life?'
...main difference between the women's wallet and the man's wallet, is the photo section. true? women carry with them a photograph of every person they've ever met, every day in their whole lives, since the beginning of time. and every picture is out of date. you know what i mean? it's, "here's my cousin, three years old. she's in the marines now." "this is my dog. he died during the johnson administration." you know. you get stopped by a cop, no licence, no registration,  "here's fifty-six people that know me." cop goes. "alright, ma'am, just wanted to make sure you had some friends, move it along. routine pal check."
do you think that the people at the airport that run the stores have any idea what the prices are every place else in the world? or do you think they just feel they have their own little country out there and they can charge anything they want? you're hungry? tuna sandwich is nine dollars. you don't like it; go back to your own country. i think the whole airport airline complex is a huge scam just to sell the tuna sandwiches. i think that profit is what's supporting the whole air travel industry. i mean think about it; the terminals, the airplanes, it's all just a distraction so that you don't notice the beating that you're taking on the tuna.
the hardest part about being a clown, it seems to me, would be that you're constantly referred to as a clown. "who was that clown?", "i'm not working with that clown, did you hire that clown?", "the guy's a clown!". how do you even start into being a clown, how do you know that you want to be a clown, i guess you get to a point where you're pants look so bad, it's actually easier to become a clown than having the proper alterations done. because if you think about it, a clown, if there isn't a circus around them, is really just a very annoying person. you're in the back seat of this guys volkswagen, "what, you're picking somebody else up? oh man!"
to me, the thing about birthday parties is that the first birthday party you have and the last birthday party you have are actually quite similar. you know, you just kinda sit there...you're the least excited person at the party. you don't even really realize that there is a party. you don't know what's goin' on. both birthday parties, people have to kinda help you blow out the candles, you can't do it...you don't even know why you're doing it. what is this ritual? what is going on? it's also the only two birthday parties where other people have to gather your friends together for you. sometimes they're not even your friends. they make the judgement. they bring 'em in, they sit 'em down, and they tell you - 'these are your friends! tell them thank you for coming to my birthday party.'
hunger will make people do amazing things. i mean, the proof of that is cannibalism. cannibalism, what do they say, i mean, they're eating and, you know, "this is good, who is this? i like this person". you know, i mean, i would think the hardest thing about being a cannibal is trying to get some very deep sleep, you know what i mean? i would think, you'd be like,  "who is that? who's there? who's there? is somebody there? what do you want? what do you want? you look hungry, are you hungry? get out of here!"
"laundry-day" is the only exciting day in the live of clothes. it is...no, think about it: the washing machine is the nightclub of clothes. ya know, it's dark, there's bubbles happening, they're all kind a dancing around in there...shirt grabs the underwear: "c'mon babe, let's gather". you come by, you open up the lid and they'll: ...socks are the most amazing article of clothing. they hate their lives, they're in the shoes with stinky feet, the boring drawers...the dryer is their only chance to escape and they all know it. they knew a escape from the dryer. they plan it in the hamper, the night before:  "tomorrow, the dryer, i'm goin'...you wait here!" the dryer-door swings open and the sock is waiting up against the side wall. they hope you don't see him and then he goes down the road . they got buttons sewed on their faces: join the puppet show...so they're showing me on television the detergent for getting out blood-stains...is this a violent image to anybody? blood-stains? i mean, i, come on, you got a t-shirt with blood-stains all over it, maybe laundry isn't your biggest problem right now...maybe you oughta get the harpoon out your chest first.
i had a parakeet when i was a kid, that was the only pet that i really enjoyed. we used to let him out of his cage, and he would fly around and my mother had built, one entire wall of our living room was mirrored. she felt this gives you a feeling of space. have you ever heard this interior design principle that a mirror makes it seem like you have an entire other room? what kind of a jerk walks up to a mirror and goes, "hey look, there's a whole nother room in there. there's a guy in there looks just like me." but the parakeet will fall for this, you'll let him out of his cage, he flies around the room, bang! with his little head, he would just go 'click' ohh! and i'd always think, even if he thinks the mirror is another room, why doesn't he at least try to avoid hitting the other parakeet?
i am not gay. i am, however, thin, single and neat. sometimes when someone is thin, single and neat people assume they are gay because that is a stereotype. they normally don't think of gay people as fat, sloppy and married. although i'm sure there are, i don't want to perpetuate the stereotype. i'm sure they are the minority though within the gay community. they're probably discriminated against because of that, people say to them "y'know joe, i enjoy being gay with you but i think think it's about time, y'know that you got in shape, tucked the shirt in and lost the wife". but if people are even going to assume that think joe might be a little... ", they should vacuum "y'know i think joe might be )vroom. yeah, i got a feeling he's a little )vrooom(..."
i love it when people are complimented on something they're wearing and they accept the compliment as if it was about them. "nice tie." "well, thank you. thank you very much." the compliment is for the tie, it's not for you, but we take it. that's kind of the job of clothes; to get compliments for us, because it's very hard to get compliments based on your human qualities. right? let's face it, no matter how nice a person you are, nobody's gonna come say "hey, nice person." it's much easier to be a bastard and just try and match the colours up.
i've never been able to figure out why they make these bizarre toilet seats that they have. you know, like those clear lucite ones, with all the, the coins in it? it's a lovely tribute to our past president, by the way. it's not bad enough lincoln got shot in the head, we gotta pull down our pants and sit on him, too. it's just incomprehensible that you would buy a thing like this, you install it on your toilet seat, and this says what about you? "well, i can't afford to just throw money down the toilet, but look how close i am!"
....hair that was on your shower soap today could be in your head tomorrow. how did they do the first transplant? did they have the guy take a shower , get his soap , rush it in there by helicopter, you know keep the soap alive on the soap support system ....looks it over. "we got the hair but i think we lost the zest." ....rejects the transplant with organs. is it possible that a head could reject the hair transplant . guy just standin' there and suddenly... ..bink! ........lands in someone's frozen yogurt.
people will kill each other for a parking space in new york because they think, 'if i don't get this one, i may never get a space.' you know? 'i'll be circling for months until somebody goes out to the hamptons.' i think because everyone in new york city knows there's gotta be way more cars than parking spaces. you see cars driving in new york all hours of the night. it's like musical chairs except everybody sat down around 1964. the problem is car manufacturers are building hundreds of thousands of new cars every year, they're not making any new spaces. that's what they should be working on. wouldn't that be great? you go to the auto show, they got that big revolving turntable, and there's nothing on it. new from chrysler, a space.
monkeys are really the end of the line in the pet world. i think when you're at the monkey level of pet ownership, have a kid. i mean, come on, you know, i mean, you're *so* close. if you need a pet that can roller skate and smoke cigars, it's time to think about a family. monkeys, of course, were the first astronauts in the sixties, which i'm sure made perfect sense in the monkey brain. 'maybe that is the next logical step for me, because i've been working with the italian guy and the crank organ, and i think i'm ready to handle the maximum re-entry g-forces.
it's fascinating. when you go into a stationery store that they're manufacturing millions of pens; constantly we're all buying them. i must have bought six thousand bics in my life. i've used up maybe two of them. where are the rest of them? when you move the refrigerator there's a couple back there but it doesn't account for it. where are all the pens? that's why it's so embarrassing if you don't have one. you got a pen? can i borrow a pen? we always have to whisper because it's so humiliating. i don't have a pen. they're making millions of them every week! i know; where are they?
i really feel as human beings, we need more training in our basic social skills. conversational distance, don't you hate these people that talk to you they talk into your mouth like you're a clown at a drive-through and hand shakes is the worst, there's absolutely no guidelines for hand shakes you know these people? too long, too weak, sometimes they give you the three-quarter handshake just the fingers, early release, late release, sometimes people will dispute your release, you let go there're hangin' on. i have actually said to people 'hey the handshake is over!.' too many pumps, coming in too high, too sweaty, coming from too far away. sometimes a guy will give you a strong grip, late release, and pull you in for the too close conversation. to him i say 'that's three strikes you're out.'
i can't believe that cops still have to read that whole "you have the right to remain silence"-speech to every criminal they arrest. i mean is there anybody who doesn't know that by now? can't they just go "freeze, you're under arrest. you've ever seen baretta? yeah, good, get in the car."
the thing i don't understand about the suicide person is the people who try and commit suicide for some reason they don't die and that's it. they stop trying. why? why don't they just keep trying? what has changed? is their life any better now? no. in fact it's worse because now they've found out one more thing you stink at. okay, that's why these people don't succeed in life to begin with. because they give up too easy. i say, pills don't work, try a rope. car won't start in the garage, get a tune up. you know what i mean? there's nothing more rewarding than reaching a goal you have set for yourself.
it seems like whenever these office people call you in for a meeting, the whole thing is about the sitting down. i would really like to sit down with you. i think we need to sit down and talk. why don't you come in, and we'll sit down. well, sometimes the sitting down doesn't work. people get mad at the sitting.you know, we've been sitting here for i don't know how long. how much longer are we just going to sit here? i'll tell you what i think we should do. i think we should all sleep on it. maybe we're not getting down low enough. maybe if we all lie down, then our brains will work.
i was audited last year. at first i thought well, irs kinda sounds like toys r us maybe won't be so bad. maybe they have a sense of fun about it, you know. but it's it's bad. it's an ordeal. and they don't do anything to keep your spirits up through the ordeal. i think they should take all your receipts and put them in one of those big lucite sweepstake and just kinda crank it around there. you know give me a feeling like you might win something. you know what i mean? then they can pull them out one by one and go "oh, i'm sorry that's another illegal deduction. but we do have some lovely parting gifts for you. jail!"
the christmas tree certainly seems to inspire a love-hate relationship. all that time is spent selecting it and decorating it, and then a week after it's just thrown somewhere, you see it by the side of the road, it looks like a mob hit. a car slows down, a door opens and this tree just rolls out. people snap out of that christmas spirit like it was a drunken stupor, they just wake up one morning and go, "oh my god, there's a tree inside the house! just throw it anywhere!
can you give me an explanation as to why the pharmacist has to be two-and-a-half feet up above everybody else? what the hell is he doing, he can't be down there on the floor with you and me? brain surgeons, airline pilots, nuclear physicists, we're all on the same level. oh no, he's gotta be two-and-a-half feet up. "look out, everybody, i'm working with pills. spread out, give me some room." the only hard part of his whole job that i could see is typing everything onto that little tiny label. he has to try and get all the words on there, keep the paper in the- it's a little piece of paper, in the roller of the typewriter. oh no, he's gotta be two-and-a-half feet up. "yeah, i'd like to get this prescription filled." "alright, and you wait down there, only i'm allowed up here."
coffee's a drink that seems to encourage a lot of accessories around it. coffee cake, coffee table, coffee table book, clutches of people. say what you want about alcohol, but not only are there not a lot of optional accessories, alcohol actually helps you get rid of things. family, home, job, driver's license. in fact, at a certain point, the only thing you have to remember to get, is more alcohol and maybe a rag for your squeegee.
the other thing i love is when you're in the middle of a dream, and the alarm goes off. you incorporate the sound of the alarm into the dream, so you can keep sleeping. and you'll make any adjustment in the dream to do it. i was with marie antoinette in a dream last night, and she was on the guillotine, the blade came down, her head fell into the basket, it rolled over and she started singing neil diamond's 'solitary man'. and, i thought, "that is not my alarm going off. this is actually happening."
i swear, i have absolutely no idea what women are thinking. i don't get it, ok? i, i, i admit, i, i'm not getting the signals. i am not getting it! women, they're so subtle, their little...everything they do is subtle...men are not subtle, we are obvious. women know what men want, men know what men want, what do we want? we want women, that's it!...it's the only thing we know for sure, it really is: we want women. how do we get them? oh, we don't know 'bout that, we don't know. the next step after that we have no idea. this is why you see men honking car-horns, yelling from construction sites. these are the best ideas we've had so far...the car-horn-honk, is that a beauty? have you seen men doing this? what is this? the man is in the car, the woman walks by the front of the car, he honks: .
of all the places that you go all the time, the dry-cleaning relationship is one of the most bizarre. because you keep giving each other the same thing, back and forth, over and over again. he gives it to you, you give it to him, he gives it back to you. it's like it's half his shirt, in a way. he has it as much as you do...you oughta go shopping with him. 'what do you think of this shirt?' 'that would look good with a light starch.' the only warning label people really respect is 'dry-clean only.' y'know what i mean? speed limits, lung cancer, cigarette warnings - your very life is at stake! people go, 'ah, the hell with it!' but dry-clean only? 'oh, don't put that in the wash! it's dry-clean only! are you crazy?!'
i am for open immigration but that sign we have on the front of the statue of liberty, 'give us your tired, your poor, your huddled masses...', can't we just say, 'hey, the door's open, we'll take whoever you got.'? do we have to specify the wretched refuse? i mean, why don't we just say, 'give us the unhappy, the sad, the slow, the ugly, people that can't drive, that they have trouble merging, if they can't stay in their lane, if they don't signal, they can't parallel park, if they're sneezing, if they're stuffed up, if they're clogged, if they have bad penmanship, don't return calls, if they have dandruff, food between their teeth, if they have bad credit, if they have no credit, missed a spot shaving, in other words any dysfunctional defective slob that you can somehow cattle prod onto a wagon, send them over, we want 'em.'
i don't even know what, what is supposed to be attractive about fur? why does a man want to see a woman in a fur? men want women to shave their legs, shave their armpits, pluck their eyebrows and then before we go out, we dress them up like a bear. to me the only reason to wear fur, would be if you were trying to sneak up on another animal. did you ever see those tribal hunters where they wear the fur and then they had the other animals, head on top of their head? you know i'm sure there's a moose looking at that going, yeah, that looks real good. yeah, i'm gonna turn my back on this goof ball with the extra head. because there's nothing fishy going on there. i'll just keep drinking from the stream. i've seen a lot of two-headed tigers with knees.
the love seat, that's a nice little item, there...i guess some guy thought, 'well, if we can't get them to sit closer to us, why not just shorten the furniture?' my other favorite furniture brand is the la-z-boy. this is very flattering to the prospective customer, isn't it? why don't we just call it the 'half-conscious deadbeat with no job, home all day, eating cheetos and watching tv' recliner? i mean, it goes back so far, that thing...i mean, it's like, 'go to bed already! it's over! you're wiped!'
i was in the men's room the other day and they had the hand blower, instead of the paper towels, you know this thing. i like the hand blower i have to say. it takes a little bit longer, but i feel when you're in a room with a revolting stench you want to spend as much time as you can.
welcome everyone to the room...ah, the extra button....yeah ... what kind of a sicko would save these ...have them in a huge file, drawers that wide  where the hell is that ... i mean is it that hard to get round black buttons that they have to make it into such a great thing like this? ... is it such a great jacket ... the buttons are so unique, so one of a kind, you'll never find them - they save you the trouble of knocking your brain off - and we know they're going to fall off too, that's the other thing ...
i was in a hotel the other day, and on the back of the door in the hotel they have the fire map. i'm flattered that they think i have it together enough to stand in a burning hotel room memorizing directions. 'yeah, i'll go left by the stairs, right by the candy machine...' i'd probably get lost, have to go back to the room, check the map again...and they always tell you, no matter what, whatever you do in a hotel fire - do not panic. hey, i got four minutes to live, i've never panicked in my whole life - it's my option. even if they find you, you have a perfect excuse...'gee, i heard they saved you swingin' from the shower curtain naked with an ice bucket on your head. what happened there?' 'well, i panicked.' 'that's understandable.'
i've been watching women in the department stores. they're trying on clothes, and i've noticed that they do it differently from men. women don't try on the clothes, they get behind the clothes, you see? they take a dress off the rack, and they hold it up against themself. they can tell something from this. they stick one leg way out 'cause they nedd to know, if some day i'm one-legged, and at a fourty-five degree angle, what am i gonna wear? you never see a man do that. you never see a guy take a suit off the rack, put his head in the neck, and go, "what do you think about this suit? i think i'll get it. yeah, it looks fine. put some shoes by the bottom of the pants, i wanna make sure. yeah, perfect. and what if i'm walking? move the shoes, move the shoes, move the shoes, move the shoes.
so i move into the centre lane, now i get ahead of this women, who felt for some reason i guess, that she thought that i cut her off. so, she pulls up along side of me, gives me... the finger. it seems like such an... arbitrary, ridiculous thing to just pick a finger and you show it to the person.  it's a finger, what does it mean? someone shows me one of their fingers and i'm supposed to feel bad. is that the way it's supposed to work? i mean, you could just give someone the toe, really, couldn't you? i would feel worse if i got the toe, than if i got the finger. 'cause it's not easy to give someone the toe, you've gotta get the shoe off, the sock of and drive, get it up and uh  look at that toe, buddy.  i mean, that's really insulting to get the toe, isn't it ?
seems to me the way they design the car alarm is so that the car will behave as if it was a nervous hysterical person. anyone goes near it, anyone disturbs it, it's aaaaaahhhhhhh! lights flashing on and off, acting all crazy. not everybody wants to draw that much attention to themselves, wouldn't it be nice if you could have a car alarm that was a little more subtle? you know, somebody tries to break in, it goes, "ahem. ahem. excuse me?" i would like a car alarm like that.
you remember a few years ago in new york, we had the doorman strike? they have a union, in the fancy buildings, and they went out on strike. now you wouldthink, if any group of people would not wanna demonstrate what life would be like without them, it would be doormen.  "let's see how they do without us!" there's no doorman, people open the door, they walk in, it's... you know. who's gonna walk out next? the guys who clean your windshield at the traffic light, with the dirty rag?  "we demand shorter yellows, and longer reds!"
the bad thing about television is that everybody you see on television is doing something better than what you're doing. did you ever see anybody on tv like just sliding off the front of the sofa with potato chip crumbs on their commercial people - where do they summon this enthusiasm? have you seen them? "we have soda, we have soda, we have soda", jumping, laughing, flying through the air - it's a can of soda. have you ever been standing there and you're watching tv and you're drinking the exact same product that they're advertising right there on tv, and it's like, you know, they're spiking volleyballs, jetskiing, girls in bikinis and i'm standing there - "maybe i'm putting too much ice in mine."
the big new accessory with eyeglasses, seems to be that strap, that connects in the back so you can take 'em on and off. which i don't get, because i thought, if you have glasses, isn't that because you need to wear glasses? 'you need glasses', isn't that what they say? i mean, an eye doctor doesn't say 'would you care for some glasses?' when people have crutches, they don't havelike a little chain attached to their belt, so they can just let go of 'em every now and then. why not get a toupee with a rubber band for when you're water-skiing, the thing could just... 
the thing about l.a. to me, that kind of threw me, was when they have these smog alerts out there and they actually recommend that people stay indoors during the smog alert. now, maybe i'm way off, but don't you think, wouldn't you assume, that the air in the house pretty much comes from the air in the city where the house is? i mean what do they think, that we live in a jar with couple of holes punched in the top? what the hell is going on out there? it's very strange, do you realize that it's now possible for parents to say to their children "all right kids, i want you in the house and get some fresh air! summer vacation, everybody indoors."
) jerry it is pretty hard to justify, at this point in history, the existence of men and their handkerchiefs. i mean, they open it up, blow their nose in it, and then put it back in their pockets with their other valuables. wallet, keys, mucous, yup, i've got everything. is it because men can't give birth that they're just proud of anything that comes out of us? we actually have a monogram sewn on to them. what is the source of pride here? we actually have it sticking out of the breast pocket of our jacket. "i have a snot rag."
you know the iq test has always that sample question at the beginning where they show how to fill in the circle. it should be the first eliminating point right there. anybody goes outside of that circle, yeah you wanna come with us, yeah you're done, the test is over, you went outside the circle ok?
i tell ya, i never really understood the importance of the conductor. i mean between you and me, what the hell is this guy doing? do you really need somebody waving a stick in your face to play the violin? does that really help you out? i could see how we need him at the beginning. okay, tap-tap-tap, start. okay, i can see how you need that. but once we're going, okay, once it's all happening, what do we need him for then? i don't see the cellist looking up, go, "i'm confused. i don't know what to do. i don't know what to do." and the conductor goes, "do this. like this" "oh, okay, thank you very much."
look at the work people do to get to the ocean. they'll fight the traffic and the heat and the parking and the hot sand. trying to get through the waves, and the ironic thing is the ocean doesn't even want us in there. that's what surfing is. surfing is the ocean throwing us out of itself, you see? we keep trying to paddle in, the ocean's saying, "no you don't." the ocean is like a nightclub and the waves are bouncers tossin' us out. the undertow's like a really mean bouncer. instead of throwin' you out, they take you in back and rough you up a little bit. "oh, you wanna come in? how 'bout comin' in like 25 miles?"
what's this little scam the airlines have goin' now with these special clubs? hundred fifty dollars a year to sit in a room, eat peanuts, drink coffee and soda, and read magazines. excuse me, but isn't this the flight? i already got four hours of this comin' to me... what am i paying for? how bout' an 'i got all my luggage club'? can i get into that club? where is that club? i would like to join that club. airlines love to divide us into classes. you know like when you're sitting in coach, the stewardess always closes that stupid curtain. always gives you that look, like, maybe if you would work a little harder...
...cramped seat, working on a tiny computer; there's always a small problem "there'll be a slight delay, we'll be a *little* late, if you could be a *little* *patient*! we're just trying to get one of those *little* trucks to pull us up just a *little* closer to the jetway so you can walk down the narrow hallway and there'll be a man there in a tight suit and he'll tell you you have very little time to make your connecting flight. so move it!".
...and it *is* embarrassing, because a doggie bag means either you are out at a restaurant when you aren't hungry, or you've chosen the stupidest possible way to get dog food that there is. how about the doggie bag on a date? that's a good move for a guy, huh? lemme tell you something if you're a guy and you ask for the doggie bag on a date, you might as well have them just wrap up your genitals too. you're not going to be needing those for awhile, either.
you know doctor is supposed to be such a prestigious occupation. but it's really like one of the only jobs where you have to have your diploma right up there on the wall. it makes them seem so insecure, doesn't it? "i really am a doctor you know. you think i'm not, just check it out." i don't know why they need these little bits of psychological leverage over us all the time. "go in that little room, take your pants off, wait 15 minutes, and i'll give you my opinion." after that, anyone that comes in with pants on seems like they know what they're talking about. in any difference of opinion, pants always beats no-pants.
professional tennis. to me i don't understand all the shushing. why are they always shushing. shh, shh. don't the players know that we're there? should we duck down behind the seats so they don't see us watching them? tennis is basically just ping-pong and the players are standing on the table. that's all it is. and that goofy scoring, you win one point and all the sudden you're up by 15. two points, 30-love. 30-love. sounds like an english call girl. "that'll be 30, love... and could you be a little quieter next time, please, shh."
i love it when you get your car back from the car place, and it's got that paper mat on the floor. like they're so obsessed with cleanliness, they don't even want their shoes to touch the carpet. meanwhile, the mechanic comes out; he looks like al jolson. he's covered in goo, from head to toe. you can't even see him. although, i prefer that to when they have the lab coat, the clipboard and the nice glasses. now you know you're getting screwed.  'can i see it?'  'you better not. it's idling quietly right now. i think it should stay overnight. we wanna keep an eye on it, and we wanna keep the bill running up.'
i don't know about you, but i'm getting sick of pretending to be excited every time it's somebody's birthday, you know what i mean? what is the big deal? how many times do we have to celebrate that someone was born? every year, over and over... all you did was not die for twelve months. that's all you've done, as far as i can tell. now those astrology things where they tell you all the people that have the same birthday as you? it's always an odd group of people too, isn't it? it's like ed asner, elijah muhammed and secretariat.
the dating world is not a fun world...it's a pressure world, it's a world of tension, it's a world of pain...and ya know, if a woman comes over to my house, i gotta get that bathroom ready, 'cause she needs things. women need equipment. i don't know what they need. i know i don't have it, i know that...ya know what they need, women seem to need a lot of cotton-balls. this is the one i'm, always has been one of the amazing things to me...i have no cotton-balls, we're all human beings, what is the story? i've never had one...i never bought one, i never needed one, i've never been in a situation, when i thought to myself: "i could use a cotton-ball right now"...i can certainly get out of this mess...women need them and they don't need one or two, they need thousands of them, they need bags, they're like peat-moss bags, have you ever seen these giant bags? they're huge and two days later, they're out, they're gone, the, the bag is empty, where are the cotton-balls, ladies? what are you doin' with them? the only time i ever see'em is in the bottom of your little waste basket, there's two or three, that look like they've been through some horrible experience... tortured, interrogated, i don't know what happened to them...i once went out with a girl who's left a little zip-lock-baggy of cotton-balls over my house. i don't know what to do with them, i took them out, i put them on my kitchen floor like little tumbleweeds. i thought maybe the cockroaches would see it, figure this is a dead town: "let's move on"... the dating world is a world of pressure. let's face it: a date is a job-interview, that lasts all night. the only difference between a date and a job-interview is: not many job-interviews is there a chance you'll end up naked at the end of it...ya know: "well, bill, the boss thinks you're the man for the position, why don't you strip down and meet some of the people you'll be workin' with?".
they really got us trained to use that cash machine now, don't they? we're just like chickens in an experiment waiting for that pellet to come down the chute. you see people at the cash machine; they're just there. just, dit dit dit dit dit dit dit, they're waiting for the sound, you know the sound, you're waiting for the sound. that's what we're trained to hear, the 'here comes the money' sound, ya know? flip flip flip flip flip flip flip. it's exciting, don't you get excited? it's coming! it's coming! they're giving me money!
so i was watching this movie the other night, it was a world war two movie and there was nazis in the movie and i noticed that the nazis in those movies always had like two separate heils. they had like the regular heil that they would do and then when they were around the offices they had like this casual heil, remember that one, you ever notice that? they come in, yeah, heil, how are ya, is the kid back with the coffee yet? come on, are you finished with the copier? yeah. world domination, aryan race, whose donuts are those? yeah, heil, nice to see ya, can i have one of those donuts?
i think the best part of a relationship is when you're sick. and the best part of being sick is when you're in a relationship. and if i was to get married, you know all those vows; for richer or for poorer, for better or for worse, all i need is the sickness. that, to me, is the most important one. do you take this man in sickness? that's the only time i need somebody there. rest of the time, go out, have a ball, do whatever you want, but if i get the sniffles, you better be there.
what causes homophobia? what is it that makes a heterosexual man worry? i think it's because men know that deep down we have weak sales resistance. we're constantly buying shoes that hurt us, pants that don't fit right. men think, "obviously i can be talked into anything. what if i accidentally wander into some sort of homosexual store, thinking it's a shoe store, and the salesman goes, 'just hold this guy's hand, walk around the store a little bit, see how you feel. no obligation, no pressure, just try it. would you like to see him in a sandal?'"
so i'm on the plane, we left late. pilot says we're going to be making up some time in the air. i thought, well isn't that interesting. we'll just make up time. that's why you have to reset your watch when you land. of course, when they say they're making up time, obviously they're increasing the speed of the aircraft. now, my question is if you can go faster, why don't you just go as fast as you can all the time? c'mon, there's no cops up here, nail it. give it some gas! we're flying!
all plans between men are tentative.  if one man should suddenly have an opportunity to pursue a woman, it's like these two guys never met each other ever in life.  this is the male code.  and it doesn't matter how important the arrangements are, i mean, most of the time when they scrub a space shuttle mission it's because one of the astronauts met someone on his way to the launch pad.  they hold that countdown.  he's leaning against the rocket talking to her, "so listen, when i get back what do you say we get together for some tang?"
i'm sorry it's gotta be a little bit of a scary place to work. i don't know how you feel about it. you want to be standing there having people comming in all day going "i need knives. i need more knives. do you have any bigger knives? i'd like a bigger knife, a big, long, sharp knife, that's what i'm in the market for. i like them really sharp. do you have one with hooks and gouges like blades and kind of serrated? that's the kind of knife i'm looking for. i need one i can throw. i need another one i can just hack away with. do you have anything like that?
what do you think first aid was like though, like hundreds of years ago? you know, i mean they had no medicine, no drugs, no technology, no equipment. basically, they were there first. that was it, that was the whole first aid. they sit with you. that's all they could do. 'can you help me?' 'no, no we can't help you, we were the first ones here, i don't know if you know that. did you see out truck? first aid, that's our motto. we show up before anybody.'
 i think gum is, is one of the weirdest human inventions.  it's not a liquid, 's not a solid, 's not a food. what is it? it isn't really anything, you know. i mean, it's like a stationary bike for your jaw. like, remember when you were in school, and teachers would get all riled up if they caught you with gum? and when you were a kid, you'd think 'what is the big deal?' but, as an adult, i can understand it, because when you're chewing gum, you don't look like you're too thrilled with anything anyone has to say.  'oh, world war two. that was an important historical event? yeah, i'm sure.' 'they landed a man on the moon, nineteen sixty-nine? yeah, right. yeah, i buy that, teach.'
now, i was thinking the other day about hair, and that the weird thing about it, is that people will touch other people's hair. you will actually kiss another human being, right on the head. but, if one of those hairs should somehow be able to get out of that skull, and go off on its own, it is now the vilest, most disgusting thing that you can encounter. the same hair. people freak out.  "there was a hair, in the egg salad!"
but what would the world be like if people said whatever they were thinking, all the time, whenever it came to them? how long would a blind date last? about thirteen seconds, i think. "oh, sorry. your rear end is too big." "that's ok, your breath stinks anyway. see you later, no problem, good-bye, ok, thank you very much."
, go over time on the call, hang up the phone, walk away. you've had this happen? phone rings. it's the phone company... they want more money. don't you love this? and you got them right where you want them for the first time in your life. you're on the street, there's nothing they can do. i like to let it ring a few times, you know, let her sweat a little over there, then i just pick it up, "yeah, operator... oh, i got the money... i got the money right here... d'you hear that?  that's a quarter. yeah, you want that don't you?"
i have a friend, wears eyeglasses, no prescription in the glasses because he thinks it makes him look more intelligent, now why? why do we think that glasses makes us look more intelligent? is it from the endless hours of reading and studying and researching that this person supposedly blew out their eyeballs, and that's why they need the glasses? it's just a corrective device. if you see someone with a hearing aid, you don't think, 'oh, they must have been listening real good...yeah, to a lot of important stuff...' no, they are deaf. they can't hear.
talk show hosts never seem to have any idea how much time is left in the show. you know, they're always looking off camera, "do we have time? are we out of time? how we doin' on time? anybody know what the time is? what's the time? check the time?" you never see magnum p.i. go, "should i strangle this guy or are we gonna take a break here? can you stay for another beating? i'll tell you what, i'll bop him in the head, we'll do a commercial, we'll come back, i'll drive in the car real fast, stay with us."
the problem with the condom is still buying them. i think we should have like a secret signal with the druggist that you just walk into the drugstore, you go up to the counter, he looks at you and if you go like this  he puts them in the bag for you, that's it. you show up there, you put your little shaving cream, your little toothpaste, you know, "how are you today?"  "have a nice day." "you too."
so i was in the drug store the other day, trying to get a cold medication.  you ever try and pick one of these out?  it's not easy.  it's a wall. it's an entire wall of cold medication, you stand there, you're going, "alright, alright, alright, okay, what the hell--  this is quick acting, but this is long lasting.  when do i need to feel good, now or later?"  it's a tough question. and they always show you the commercials on tv where they show you what's wrong with the guy, you know?  they always show you, like, all the problems that he's having.  first of all, the always show you the human body, which is usually this guy.  no face, mouth open, this is how drug companies see the public.  and he's always in, like, a certain pain, it's like red wavy lines are going through him or he's glowing, parts of him are on fire sometimes, lightning is attacking him. i never had a doctor say to me, "are you having any pain?"  "yes i am."  "are you having any lightning with the pain?"
when you're moving your whole world becomes boxes. that's all you think about is boxes. boxes, where are there boxes? you just wander down the street going in and out of stores. are there boxes here? have you seen any boxes? i mean it's all you think about. you can't even talk to people because you can't concentrate. shut up i'm looking for boxes. just after a while you become like really into it you can smell them. you walk into a store. there's boxes here. don't tell me you don't have boxes. dammit, i can smell them. i'm like i'm obsessed. i love the smell of cardboard in the morning. you could be at a funeral. everyone's mourning crying around, and your looking at the casket. that's a nice box does anyone know where that guy got that box? when he's done with it do you think i could get that? it's got some nice handles on it. and that's what death is really. it's the last big move of your life. the hearse is like the van. the pale bearers are your close friends the only ones you could ask to help you with a big move like that. and the casket is that great perfect box you've been waiting for your whole life the only problem is, once you find it you're in it.
i like the names they have for cars. like, no baron has ever owned a lebaron. or the ford ltd. "ltd." limited. it's a "limited" edition...what did they make, fifty million of those? "yes, it's 'limited' to the number we can sell." or when they try and mangle a positive word into a car name, you know how they'll do that? the "integra." oh, integrity? no, integra. the "supra." or the "impreza." yeah? well, i hope it's not a "lemona"...or you'll be hearing from my "lawya."
seems to me that the closest thing we have to royalty in america are the people that get to ride in those little carts through the airport. don't you hate these things? they come out of nowhere; beep beep, cart people, look out, cart people! look out! we all scurry out of the way like worthless peasants. oooh! it's cart people! i hope we didn't slow you down. wave to the cart people, timmy, they're the best people in the world. ya know, if you're too fat, slow and disoriented to get to your gate on time, you're not ready for air travel. the other people i hate are the people that get on to the moving walkway and then just stand there. like it's a ride? excuse me, there's no animated pirates or bears along the way here. do your legs work at all?
one of the problems in life is that when you're a kid, you have a certain way of working out disagreements...and those laws do not work in the adult world. one of the main way that kids resolve any dispute is by calling it. one of them say "i got the front seat"  "i wanted the front seat!"  "i called it". and the other called it, what can i do?". if there was a "kid-court of law" it holds up  "your honour, my client did ask it?"  "well no, he didn't call..." bang! ;  "he has to call it, case closed...objection overruled".
i think that if the wedding invitations were left up to the men, we'd just drive around sticking flyers in windshields ...y' know... not even typed up either, just magic marker, zerox, you know...party!!.. what's needed is a divorce announcement; mr and mrs fred johnson are requesting the honour of your presence at the "returning" of their daughter back to mr,and mrs fred johnson.
to me, going to the health club, you see all these people and they're working out, and they're training and they're getting in shape but the strange thing is nobody is really getting in shape for anything. the only reason that you're getting in shape is that so you can get through the workout. so we're working out, so that we'll be in shape, for when we have to do our exercise. this is the whole thing. the other thing i don't get about it, is why we're so careful about locking up our dirty towels and smelly jock-straps. what exactly is the black market on these disgusting gym clothes? i give my car to any valet guy in front of a restaraunt because he has a short red jacket, yeah he must be the valet guy, i don't even think about it but my stinking, putrified gym clothes, i got one of these locks you could put a bullet through it and it won't open. that stuff is safe.
ever notice a lot of butlers are named jeeves? you know i think when you name a baby jeeves, you've pretty much mapped out his future, wouldn't you say? not much chance is gonna be a hitman i think after that.  "terribly sorry sir, but i'm going to have to whack you".
i really like the wig historically. i guess the revolutionary war, the last war fought in wig, and it seems that it must have been hard. you know they're going in to battle, they think.. well do i have my bullets? do i have my bobby pins.. and you got to make sure you have everything... lot more to worry about what if i get killed.? is my wig on straight? i don't know when the whole wig thing came in to style for men... but i know when it went out.! when the mirror was invented. no guy is looking in the mirror powdering a patch of horsehair on his head going ..all right! lets go rap to the ladies..
it is pretty hard to justify, at this point in history, the existence of men and their handkerchiefs. i mean, they open it up, blow their nose in it, and then put it back in their pockets with their other valuables. wallet, keys, mucous, yup, i've got everything. is it because men can't give birth that they're just proud of anything that comes out of us? we actually have a monogram sewn on to them. what is the source of pride here? we actually have it sticking out of the breast pocket of our jacket. "i have a snot rag."
i-i-i'm not crazy about used clothes. i mean they call it vintage, you know to take your mind off of what it really is 'nasty wear.' oh it's clean you know people wear underwear, ya well they don't wear iron underwear and that's what it's gonna take to get me in those clothes. i mean i'll move into an apartment after a strange person moves out, why would i wanna move into somebody's pants? there is no vintage underwear of course, but it's not because the guy couldn't sell his underwear, it's because men wear their underwear until it absolutely disintegrates. men hang on to underwear until, until each individual underwear molecule is so strained it can barely retain the properties of a solid. it actually becomes underwear vapor. w-we don't even throw it out, we just open a window and it goes out like dandelion spoors. that's how men throw out underwear we just go  and it's gone that it is jus.
i had some friends drag me to an opera recently, you know how they've got those little opera glasses, you know, do you really need binoculars, i mean how big do these people have to get before you can spot 'em. these opera kids they're going two-fifty, two-eighty, three-twenty-five, they're wearing big white woolly vests, the women have like the breastplates, the bullet hats with the horn coming out. if you can't pick these people out, forget opera, think about optometry, maybe that's more you're thing.
at parking lots now they have these 'compact car only' spots, isn't that discrimination against the size of your car? if i want my ass hanging out of the back of my parking spot, that's my business. there are people out there with real asses hanging out of their pants, nobody's stopping them. nobody goes, "hey, hold it, sir. those are compact jeans, you can't pull that in there."
there are many different job in the police. it seems to me, that the chalk outline guy is one of the better jobs that you can get. you know it's not dangerous, the criminals are long gone, that seems like a good one. i don't know who they are, i guess they're people who wanted to be a sketch artists, but they couldn't draw too well..."listen johnson, forget the sketches. do you think if we left a dead body right there on the sidewalk, you could manage to trace around it? could you do that?". i don't even know how it helps to solve the crime? you know, they look at the thing on the ground..."aah his arm was like that when he hit the pavement. that means the killer must've been jim."
the cosmetic surgery procedures that are available to people today - liposuction, are you familiar with this? this is a fat-sucking machine. now you know, somewhere, somebody is working on a way that this thing could go into a restaurant. and you could just order it off the menu. 'i tell you what, give me the cheesecake, crank me up to nine, and put a scoop of ice cream on the side.'
loyalty to any one sports team is pretty hard to justify.  because the players are always changing, the team can move to another city, you're actually rooting for the clothes when you get right down to it.  you know what i mean, you are standing and cheering and yelling for your clothes to beat the clothes from another city.  fans will be so in love with a player but if he goes to another team, they boo him.  this is the same human being in a different shirt, they *hate* him now.  boo!  different shirt!!  boo.
i have a friend who is about to get married, they're having the bachelor party and the bridal shower on the same day... so it's conceivable that while she's getting the lingerie, he'd be at a nude bar watching a table dancer wearing the same outfit. that is possible. but to me, the difference between being single and being married, is the form of government. you see, when you're single, you are the dictator of your own life. i have complete power. i can give the order to fall asleep on the sofa with the tv on in the middle of the day, no-one can overrule me! when you're married, you're part of a vast decision-making body. before anything gets done there are meetings. committees have to study the situation. and this is if the marriage works. that's what's so painful about divorce you get impeached and you're not even the president!
the bus is the single stupidest, fattest, slowest, most despised vehicle on the road. isn't it? you ever notice when you get behind the bus, people in your car go 'what are you doing? get away, come on.' the back of the bus is like an eclipse isn't it? people are just like 'the sun, where's the sun?' it's like this huge metal ass taking up the whole wind shield of your car. when it pulls out it even sounds like a fat uncle trying to get out of a sofa. 
you can't just *have* an adultery-- you *commit* adultery. and you can't even *commit* adultery unless you already *have* a commitment. so you have to make the commitment before you can even think about committing it. there's no commit without the commit. then, once you commit, then you can commit the adultery and then you get caught, get divorced, lose your mind and they have you committed. but y'know some people actually *cheat* on the people that they're cheating with. which is like, y'know, being in a hold up and then turning to the robber next to you and goin' "alright, gimme everything you have, too".
so, i fly a lot. i like planes. i was on a plane the other day and i was wondering - are there keys to the plane? do they need keys to start the plane? maybe that's what those delays on the ground are sometimes. when you're just sitting there at the gate, maybe the pilot's just up there in the cockpit going  "oh, i don't believe this. oh my god...i did it again." they tell you it's something mechanical, because they don't want to come on the pa system..."ladies and gentlemen, we're going to be delayed here on the ground for a little while, i uh...oh god, this is so embarrassing...i - i left the keys to the plane in my apartment." you see the technicians all running underneath the plane; you think they're servicing it, but they're actually looking for the magnet "hide-a-key" under the wing..."maybe he left it up there somewhere..."
what's with the age gap hiring policy at most movie theaters? didja ever notice, they never hire anyone between the ages of fifteen... and eighty, you know what i mean? like, the girl that sells you the ticket, she's ten. then there's the guy who rips the ticket, he's a hundred and two. so, what happened in the middle, there? you couldn't find anybody? it's like they want to show you how life comes full circle. you're fifteen, you sell the tickets. then you leave, you go out, you have a family, kids, marriage, career, grandchildren, eighty years later, you're back in the same theater three feet away. ripping tickets. took you eighty years to move three feet.
they call themselves exterminators but they can't really do it. the best they can do is get the bugs to somebody else's house. they just relocate them , y'know what i mean, they're bug realtors is what they are. ahmmmm.. i'll think you'll be happy here , there's a lotta crumbs not much light, ahmmm they usually sleep through the night, so you'll really have a  of the place. nobody really cares about killing insects, even the animal rights people don't care. you could probably walk into an animal rights organization meeting and hear a speech like; the only way to stop the cruelty of the scientific testing on animals is ...ha! got him , is to boycott these companies.
it's tough to do a good deed. just look at your professional good deed doers. your lone rangers, your superman, your batman, your spiderman, your elasticman. they are all wearing disguises, masks over their faces. secret identities. don't want people to know who they are. it's too much aggravation. "superman, thanks for saving my life, but did you have to come through my wall? i'm renting here, i've got a security deposit. what am i supposed to do?"
the technical term for a nose job is rhinoplasty. rhino, okay? do we really need to insult the person at this particular moment of their lives? they know they have a big nose, that's why they're coming in. do they really need the abuse of being compared to a rhinoceros on top of everything else? when someone goes in for a hair transplant, they don't go, "we're going to perform a cue-ballectomy on you, mr. johnson. we're going to attempt to remove the skinheadia of your chrome-domus which is the technical term."
don't you hate "to be continued" on tv. it's horrible when you sense the "to be continued" coming. you know, you're watching the show. you're into the story. there's like five minutes left and suddenly you realize, "hey, they can't make it." timmy's still stuck in the cave. there's no way they wrap this up in five minutes. i mean the whole reason you watch a tv show is because it ends. if i want a long boring story with no point to it, i have my life. a comedian can't do that, see. i can't go, "a man walks into a bar with a pig under his arm - can you come back next week?"
there's always that one location, one store location that's constantly changing hands. everybody has this in their neighborhood, it's a leather store, it's a yogurt shop, it's a pet supply. it's constantly changing and nobody can do business there. it's like some sort of bermuda triangle of retail, you know? stores open up and then they just disappear without a trace. nobody knows what happened to 'em. i guess eventually when like aliens land in mother ship of close encounters, bottom will slowly open and all these store owners will come wondering out in a daze going 'i thought there would be more walk-in traffic didn't you?.'
there's two types of favors, the big favor and the small favor. you can measure the size of the favor by the pause that a person takes after they ask you to 'do me a favor.'  small favor, small pause.  can you do me a favor, hand me that pencil?  no pause at all.  big favors are, 'could you do me a favor...'
jail doesn't really seem like that great of revenge. wouldn't years of subtle psychological mind games be a lot more satisfying? constantly calling him, hanging up when he answers the phone. sending pizzas and taxis to their house all night long. after a while he would go, "i wish that guy would kill me already, i can't take it anymore." and how come when the police catch some really bad criminal or something they put him in the handcuffs, they hit him with the baton, they put the choke hold on him, then they're always careful they don't want him to hurt his head when they're putting him in the back of the patrol car. "watch your head, watch your head. don't hit that metal edge there.... that really hurts"
we never should have landed a man on the moon. it's a mistake. now everything is compared to that one accomplishment. i can't believe they could land a man on the moon . . . and taste my coffee! i think we all would have been a lot happier if they hadn't landed a man on the moon. then we'd go, they can't make a prescription bottle top that's easy to open? i'm not surprised they couldn't land a man on the moon. things make perfect sense to me now. neil armstrong should have said, "that's one small step for man, one giant leap for every, complaining, sob on the face of the earth. "
personal distance is a very important thing. there's a new personal distance, atm distance. when someone's using an atm, you wanna be about six feet back don't you? because people a little edgy around that atm don't they? they got their money out, their eyes are darting all around. the other place i wanna be about six feet away is urinals, you want some distance there too. atms and urinals, i guess whenever someone's taking valuable out of their pants you want to give them as much room as possible.
Ladies and gentlemen, Jerry Seinfeld. Thank you. Thank you. That was very, very nice. Thank you very much. Thank you. Standing ovation. Now I know there's always a Scuse me? Perfect start of the show. Thank you. I know it's not easy for an audience to give standing ovation. There's always a few people that don't really wanna do it. I've seen those people. They're always like Are we doing' this now? So, anyway, I'm thrilled to be back here in New York. I love how certain things about New York never change. They're always constant, they're always there for you. The cabbies and the BO. What is with the BO and these guys? How long are these shifts? Can't we get this man a ten minute break for a shower? You're in the back and it's coming through the glass. You're just going: What in the Not only they put that cherry puppet stuff on the dashboard so you get a cherry BO. I don't know what that's supposed to be Even the fruit showers more often than this. The funny thing about being in these cabs is that when you're in Manhattan for some reason you don't get scared, no matter how fast the guy goes. Well, you know, he's driving fast and recklessly but he's a professional. He's got a cab driver's license, I can see it right there. I don't even know what it takes to get a cab driver's license. I think all you need is a face. This seems to be their big qualification. No blank heads are allowed driving cabs in this town. Also helps to have a name with like 8 consonants in a row. Did you ever see some of the letters in these names? What is the O with a line through it, by the way? What planet is that from? You need a chart of the elements if you wanna report the guy. Yes, officer, his name was Amal and then the symbol for Boron. No, it's not Manganese. I had the periodic chart with me at the time. But I love to travel. I love it whether it's a car or whether it's a plane. I like to get out there, I like to keep it moving. I love airports. Feel safe in the airports thanks to the high caliber individuals we have working at X-ray security. How 'bout this crack squad of savvy motivated personnel? The way you wanna setup your airport's security, is you want the short, heavy set women at the front with the skin tight uniform. That's your first line of defense. You want those pants so tight the flap in front of the zipper has pulled itself open, you can see the metal tangs hanging on for dear life. Then you put the bag on the conveyor belt. It goes through the little luggage car wash. Then you have the other genius, down at the other end, looking at the little X-ray TV screen. This Eistein was chosen to stand in front of X-rays 14 hours a day. It's his profession. Looking in that thing I have looked in that TV screen. I cannot make out one object. He's standing there What is that? A hairdryer with a scope on it? That looks ok. Keep it moving. Some sort of bowling ball candle? Yeah, I got no problem with that, just You know, we don't wanna hold up the line. So, I go to the bathroom in the airport. What is the story on the sinks in airport bathrooms That they will not give us a twist-it-on twist-it-off, human-style faucet? Is that too risky for the general population? Too dangerous? We gotta install the one-handed, spring-loaded, pain-in-the-ass Alcatraz-style faucet. You know, those ones you gotta go: Hey I got a little water there Hey I got a couple of drops. What is it they think we would do with a faucet? Turn them all on full, run out into the parking lot, laughing, pushing each other into the bushes? Come on, the water's on, let's go! I turned it on full blast. You idiot! We're businessmen, we're gonna miss our plane. Who cares! Water! That's how they think we're gonna act. Do the people that work in these shops in the airport have any idea what the prices are every place else in the world? Yeah, $14 a tuna sandwich. We think that's fair. Then you get on the plane. The pilot of course always has to come on the PA system. This guy is so excited about being a pilot, he can't even stand himself. Well, I'm gonna take it up to about 20,000. Then I'm gonna make a left by Pittsburg. Then I'm gonna make a right by Chicago. And then I'm gonna bring it down to 15,000. He's giving the whole route, all his moves. We're in the back going: Yeah, fine. You know, just do whatever the hell you gotta do. I don't know. Just end-up where it says on the ticket, really. Do I bother him with what I'm doing? Knocking on the cockpit door: I'm having the peanuts now. Yeah, that's what we're doing back here. I thought I'd keep you posted. I'm not gonna have them all now, I'm just gonna have a few. I don't wanna finish it because it's such a big bag. Then the stewardesses have to come out. They have to do their little emergency equipment show. You know, that thing they do. One of them reads it, the other one acts it out. Hey, we have seatbelts and oxygen masks. Things for you to use. They show you how to use the seatbelt, in case you haven't been in a car since 1965. Oh, you lift up on the buckle! Oh! I was trying to break the metal apart. I thought that's how it works. I was gonna try and tear the fabric part of the belt. I thought if I could just get it started Then they're always pointing out the emergency exits, always with that very vague point though, isn't it? Where the hell would these places be?, would you say. The plane's at a 90 degrees angle, your hair is on fire, you're looking for this. How you think you're gonna do there? She's thinking: I'm getting out before you're getting out. You're dead, you're dead, I'm gone. Then they always have to close that first class curtain, too. They always give you that little look. Maybe if you would have worked a little harder I wouldn't have to do this. It's all a tiny world on the airplane, isn't it? There's always that little tiny table there, tiny computer, little cramped seats, tiny food, tiny utensils, tiny liquor bottles, tiny bathroom, tiny sink, tiny mirror, tiny faucet. So, there's a small problem, there's gonna be a slight delay, we're gonna be a little late. I always go in the airplane's bathroom, even if I don't have to go, I gotta go in there. It's nice. It's like your own little apartment on the plane, isn't it? You go in there, lock the door, the light comes on after second. It's like a little surprise party. But I'm always impressed of the amount of equipment that they have in that place. I mean it's little, but they got tissues, towels, closets, compartments, tiny slot for used razor blades. They always have that. Who is shaving on the plane? And shaving so much they're using up razor blades? Is this what's happening? What? Is the wolf man flying in there, for Christ's sakes? Who could shave that much? So, I'm supposed to go to Florida next week after we're done here. That's where my older relatives live. I don't really wanna go. Florida A lot of old people down there. You know, they live in those minimum security prisons. That's where they put all the old people. What's with all the security there? With the guard gate, with that arm coming down, the guy's got a uniform, guns Are the old people trying to escape? Or, are people stealing old people? What is the security problem? I just can't drive around there. You know how these old people drive They drive slow, they sit low. That is their motto. The state flag of Florida should be just a steering wheel with a hat and two knuckles on it. And they left that turn signal on since they left the house that morning. That's a legal turn in Florida. It's known as an eventual left. You can signal this week, turn any following year of your life. What is that age that old people reach when they decide when they back out of their driveway, they're not looking anymore. You know how they do that? They just go: Well, I'm old and I'm coming back. I survived. Let's see if you can. One thing I like about being with my older relatives is it makes me feel like a kid again. You know, they're feeding you. You're trying to steal candy. Candy was my whole life when I was a kid. That was First ten years of my life, I think the only clear thought I had was: GET CANDY! That was it. Family, friends, school, they were just obstacles in they way of the candy. I'm out for the candy here. I'm just thinking: Get candy! Get candy! That's why you have to teach kids not to take candy from a stranger if they're playing in the playground, because they're such candy idiot moron brains They're just: This man has candy, I'm going with him. Goodbye. Whatever happens to me. Get candy, get candy Don't go! They'll torture you, they'll kidnap you. It doesn't matter, he has an Old Henry'. I have to take that chance. Get candy, get candy So the first time you hear the concept of Halloween when you're a kid your brain can't even process the information. You're like: What is this? What did you say? What did you say about giving out candy? Who's giving out candy? Everyone that we know is just giving out candy? Are you kidding me? When is this happening? Where? Why? Take me with you! I gotta be a part of this. I'll do anything that they want. I can wear that. I'll wear anything I have to wear. I'll do anything I'll have to do to get the candy from those fools that are so stupid they're giving it away. So, the first couple of years I made my own costumes which of course sucked: the ghost, the hobo Then, finally, the third year, begging the parents, I've got the Superman Halloween costume, not surprisingly. Cardboard box, self-made top, mask included. Remember the rubber band on the back of that mask? That was a quality item there, wasn't it? That was good about 10 seconds before it snapped out of that cheap little staple they put it in there with. You go to your first house: Trick or Snap! It broke. I don't believe it! Wait up, you guys! I gotta fix it! Hey, wait up! Wait up! That's what kids say. They don't say: Wait! They say: Wait up! Hey, wait up! Cause when you're little, your life is up, the future is up, everything you want is up. Wait up, hold up, shut up. Mamma, clean up, Let me stay up. For parents, of course, everything is just the opposite. Everything is down. Just calm down, Slow down, Come down here Sit down, Put that down So I had my little costume, I was physically ready, I was preparing myself, I did not try on the costume prior to Halloween. Do you remember This is an obscure one but On the side of the box, I remember from my Superman costume, it actually said: Do not attempt to fly! They printed that as a warning 'cause kids would put it on and going off the roofs. I love the idea of the kid who's stupid enough to think he actually is Superman but smart enough to check that box before he goes off the roof. Let me see if it says anything about me being Superman Oh, wait a second here, I So, anyway, but if my hopes were up I was thinking that this is probably the same exact costume that Superman wears himself. When you put these things on, it's not exactly the super-fit that you are hoping for. It looks more like Superman's pyjamas, that's what it looks like. It's all kinda loose and flowing. The neck line kinda comes down about there flimsy little ribbon string in the back. Plus my mother makes me wear my winter coat over the costume anyway. I don't recall Superman wearing a jacket. Not like I had: cheap __quarteroid__, phony fur. Boy, I'm Superman but it's a little chilly out and I'm glad I have this cheap little 10 year old kids jacket. So I'm going out trick-or-treating but the mask's rubber band keeps breaking and keeps getting shorter. I'm fixing it, it's getting tighter and tighter on my face. You know, when it starts slicing into your eyeballs there and you you're trying to breathe through that little hole getting all sweaty. I can't see, I can't breathe but we gotta keep going, we gotta get the candy. And a half an hour into it you just take the mask: Oh, the hell with it. Bing-bong! Yeah, it's me, give me the candy. Yeah, I'm Superman, look at the pants legs, what do you care? Looking at those last years of trick-or-treating you're getting a little too old for it. Still out there, going through the motions. Bing-bong! Come on lady, let's go. Halloween, doorbells, candy, let's pick it up and They come at the door they always ask you the same stupid questions: What are you supposed to be? I'm supposed to be done by now. You wanna move it along the three musketeers. I got 18 houses on this block, sweetheart. Just hit the bag, we hit the road. That's the way it works. Sometimes they have that little white bag twisted on the top You know that's gonna be some crap candy. Doesn't have the official Halloween markings on it. Hold it, lady. Wait a second. What is this? The orange marshmallow shaped like a peanut? Do me a favor, you keep that one. We have all the doorstops we need already. Thank you. We're going for name candy only this year. Food is so complicated as an adult You see people in the supermarket. They're just sweating out. Nobody knows what do I eat the proteins, the carbs, the fat content Oh, my God, the fat content! We're just walking up to each other: You look good. What do you eat? Maybe I'll eat that. The whole supermarket itself is designed to break down your sense of having any life It's like a casino. There's no clocks, no windows, no easily accessible exits Did you ever not buy anything in a supermarket and try to get out of there? It's impossible. There's no way out. You can see what happens to people. When they walk up to the supermarket, they really have a whole sense of purpose. I'm gonna get this, I'm gonna get that, I'm gonna pay for it, I'm gonna get out of here and get back to my normal life. You see that same person 10 minutes later just What aisle is this? Why did I come up here? Always noticing something new. Oh, they got them in muskeet flavor now What is muskeet'? I wonder if it's made from mosquitoes. Produce section I always find challenging. There's always some special thing you're supposed to know. You know, about each fruit Summer time make sure your peaches are I don't know, whatever it is. You gotta fake it you know, I'm shaking stuff holding it up to the light. Yeah, that's a good one. I'm sure glad I found that one. Cantalopes rolling down the aisle. See the way that's fading left, that one's not ready. I don't want that one. I'm very impressed with this seedless watermelon product that they have for us. They've done it. We now have seedless watermelon. Pretty amazing. What are they planting to grow the seedless watermelon, I wonder? The melons aren't humping', are they? They must be planting something. How does this work? And what kind of scientists do this type of work? I read this thing was 15 years in development. In the laboratories with gene splicing or, you know, whatever they do there I mean, other scientists are working on AIDS, cancer, heart disease. These guys are going: No, I'm going to devote myself to melon. I think that's much more important. Sure thousands are dying needlessly but this that's gotta stop. Have you ever tried to pick a wet one off the floor, it's almost impossible. I really think we should devote the money to these studies. Milk is a big problem for people in the supermarket. They're never quite sure if they have it, if they need it. They bury it way in the back in the supermarket. You gotta find it, you gotta hack your way through all the displays. Yeah, there it is. There's the milk. Do we have any milk? People are never really sure if they have milk. You think you have milk, you might have. I know there's a carton in there, I don't know how much is in it. Well, what shall we do? Cause you wanna be sure. There's nothing worse than thinking you have milk and not having it. You know, you got the bowl setup, the cereal, the spoon, the napkin, the TV, the newspaper, everything's ready to go. You lift up the carton and it's too light. Oh, no! Too light! Sometimes you think you need milk: Hey we'd better pick up some milk. Like many of you are thinking right now. You know, he's right. Maybe we should pick up some milk. So you pick up some milk on your way home. And then you discover you already have milk. And now you got way too much milk. That's no good either. Now it's a race against the clock with the expiration date. That freaky thing. Now your eating punchbowls of cereal, three meals a day. You're washing your face with milk. Bringing cats in from all over the neighborhood. Hurry up and drink it! Come on, it's almost time! Get back over here How do they know that that is the definite exact day? You know, they don't say like it's in the vicinity, give or take, roughly They brand it right into the side of the carton. That's your goddamn day right there. Oh, don't screw with us. We know what day is the final day. And then it is so over. Have you ever had milk the day after the date? Scares the hell out of you, doesn't it? The spoon is trembling as it comes out of the bowl. It's after the day! I'm taking a big chance! I smelled it, you smelled it, what is it supposed to smell like? It smelled like milk to me. I don't know how they're so definite, though. Maybe the cows tip them off when they're milking them. July 3rd To me the only thing tougher than the supermarket is the drugstore. The drugstore's really challenging because you have no idea what they're talking about. You're just looking at the ingredients I had a cold a couple of weeks ago. So I go in there and I'm looking The entire wall is cold medication. And you can't understand anything so you're just reading ingredients. Did you ever catch yourself reading ingredients in the drugstore? Oh, this has .03 tetrahydroziline! It's a good amount of that. But it's so hard to figure out. Sometimes they have: this one's quick acting, this one's long lasting. Hmm, when do I need to feel good? Now or later? I don't know. They always tell you how the medicine works on TV in the commercials. That's my favorite part, with the guy that says: Here's the human body and there's always this guy No face, mouth open, this is how drug companies see the public. He's always got the tube coming down here and then the circle area. These are the complex inner workings of the human body, I assume. I'm sure, when you go to the medical school, they put that up on the board the first day Ok, everyone, now remember, you got your tube coming down from the mouth and that goes into your circle area. That's pretty much all we know. That's it for today. Don't miss tomorrow, we're gonna practice making people waiting in the little room in their underwear and then you'll all be doctors. That's all there is to it. Then they have to show you the pain the part where they say: Here's where you hurt. Pain is usually represented by some sort of lightning attacking the guy, glowing redness is popular, sometimes parts of the guys body will just burst into flames Sometimes the whole guy is out of focus. I never had a doctor saying to me: -Are you having any pain? -Yes, I am. Are you having any lightning with the pain? Have you been in a fun-house mirror at any time? Then they tell you about the pain relieving ingredient. There's always gotta be a lotta that. Nobody wants anything less than extra-strength'. Extra-strength' is the absolute minimum. You can even get strength'. Strength' is out now. It's all extra-strength'. Some people are not satisfied with extra', they want maximum'. Give me the maximum-strength'. Give me the maximum allowable human dosis. Figure out what will kill me and then back it off a little bit. Why does that pharmacist have to be two and a half feet higher than everybody else? Who the hell is this guy? Clear out, everybody. I'm working with pills up here. I'm taking them from this big bottle and then I'm gonna put them in the little bottle. That's my whole job. I can't be down on the floor with you people. Yes, I'd like to get this prescription pills, please. All right, but you wait down there. No one come up here but me. There's a little bit of arrogance in the medical community, I think we can all live with that. Like, when you go to see the doctor, you don't see the actual doctor first. You must wait in the waiting room. There's no chance of not waiting. That's the name of the room. The doctors are all back there We can't take them now, we've already got this room. You sit there, you pretend you're reading the little magazine, you're actually looking at the other people. I wonder what he's got. That guy is a goner. Then they call you You get very excited when they call you 'cause you think now you're gonna see the doctor. But you're not. Now you're going into the next, smaller, waiting room. Now you don't even have your magazine. Now you got your pants around your ankles, you're sitting on that butcher paper they pulled out over the table Sometimes I bring a pickle with me and I put it next to me right there on the table in case the doctor wants to fold the whole thing up for a to-go order. Get your pants off and get in there and I will tell you what I think. Doctors always want your pants off. Take your pants off. The doctor would like to see you with no pants. Just get them off. - It's my head. - I said, take your pants off. But I hate the extra wait, so I start screwing around with some of his stuff. Maybe I'll turn that thing up a little bit. Whatever the hell that does. Take all the tongue depressors out, lick'em all, put'em all back in. I, too, can play at this waiting game. Just once I would like to say to the doctor: You know what? I'm not ready for you yet. Why don't you go back in your little office and I'll be in in a minute. And get YOUR pants off. Then we'll see what's what. Why is it doctors need that little office for, anyway? Little books, little stupid aquarium. I guess he doesn't want people to see him looking stuff up: What the hell was that? Jesus Christ! That was kinda gross. That wasn't the tube or the circle. A friend of mine is going in for a nose job next week. Guy. You know what the technical term for a nose job is? Of course you do It's New York. Everybody Rhinoplasty! Rhino! This guy is aware he has a bit of a problem he's obviously sensitive about it, that's why he made the appointment. Do we need to compare him to a rhinoceros? When you go for a hair transplant you don't say: We're going to perform a cue-ball-ectomy on you, mister Johnson. We feel the chrome-dome-ia has advanced to a level we term skin-head-ia. These are all medical terms, if you don't understand. Of course, everybody wants to look their best, they're all out there, everybody wants to look good, guys, gals, sexuality. I'm a single guy, by the way, there are no other guys attached to me. Thank you very much. Thank you. I love you, too. But I do feel the need to see other people. I was kinda engaged about 10 or so years ago. Didn't wanna get married, that was the closest I got. I can tell you this: if you're engaged and you don't wanna get married it's a little tense. It's like you're on that first hill of the roller-coaster but you don't really wanna go on the ride going click-click, click-click I was best man at a wedding one time and that was pretty good. Pretty good title, I thought Best man' I thought it was a bit much. I thought we had the groom and the pretty good man'. That's more than enough. If I am the best man, why is she marrying him? I had to wear the tuxedo which, I am convinced, was invented by a woman. Well, they're all the same, we might as well dress them all the same. The tuxedo also functions as a wedding safety device for the bride in case the groom chickens out, everybody could just take one step over and the ceremony continues. That's why they don't say: Do you take David Williams to be your faithfully wedded husband? They say: Do you take THIS MAN? But, men and women will never understand each other, we all know that. It's just not gonna happen, just forget it. I know I will not understand women. I know I will never be able to understand how a woman can take boiling hot wax pour it on her upper thigh and rip the hair out by the root and still be afraid of a spider. I'm not spending anymore time working on that. And I know women don't understand men. I know there are women looking at me right now wondering: what goes on in that little brain of his? I bethca I could manipulate that brain. I betcha you could. I betcha women would like to know what men really think the truth, the honest truth. You wanna know what men are really thinking? Cause I could tell you. Would you like to know? Alright, I'll tell you. Nothing. We're not thinking anything. We're just walking around, looking around. This is the only natural inclination of men. To just kinda check stuff out. We work because they force us to, but other than that, this is really the only thing we wanna do. We like women, we want women. But that's pretty much as far as we've thought. That's why we're honking car horns, yelling from construction sites These are the best ideas we've had so far. Honking the car horn amazes me! This is gotta be just the last living brain cell in this guys skull that comes up with this idea. She's on the street, he's in the car. Beep-beep. I think I made my point. What is she supposed to do? Kick off the heel, start running after the car? Grab on to the bumper? The car comes to a stop It's a good thing you honked. I had no idea how you felt. Why do men behave in these ways? Why are we rude, obnoxious, getting drunk, falling down, peeling rubber, making kissing Why are we like this? I know what you ladies are thinking No, no, not my guy. I'm working with him, he's coming along. No, he's not. He's not coming anywhere. We, men, know: no matter how poorly we behave, it seems we will somehow end up with women anyway. Look around this room. Look at all the men you see with lovely women. Do you think these are special men? Gifted men? One of a kind men? They're the same jerks as any of the ones that I'm talking about. They're doing just fine. Men, as an organization, are getting more women than any other group working anywhere in the world today. Wherever women are, we have men looking into the situation right now. We explored the Earth looking for women. We even went to the Moon just to see if there were any women there. That's why we brought that little car. Why would you bring a car, unless there's some chance of going on a date? What the hell were they doing with a car on the goddamn Moon? You're on the Moon already! Isn't that far enough? There is no more male idea in the history of the universe than: why don't we fly up to the Moon and drive around? That is the essence of male thinking right there. All men kinda think of themselves like low-level super-heroes in their own world. I'm not even supposed to be telling you this. But when men are growing up and are reading about Batman, Spiderman, Superman these aren't fantasies. These are options. This is the deep inner secret truth of the male mind. I'll give you a perfect example of what I'm talking about. Did you ever see a guy, out on the highway, moving a mattress tied to the roof of the car? Without fail, he's got the arm out of the window holding the mattress. This is classic male idiot super-hero thinking. This moron believes that if the wind catches this huge rectangle at 70 mph I got it! I got it! Don't worry about it. I'm using my arm! But I'm sure there're many dates going on in this room right now Dating is not easy. What is a date really but a job interview that lasts all night? The only difference between a date and a job interview is in not many job interviews is there a chance you'll end up naked at the end of it. Well, Bill, the boss thinks you're the man for the position, why don't you strip down and meet some of the people you'll be working with. Sex doesn't make anything any easier. It only makes it more complicated. Women have two types of orgasms: the actual ones and the ones that they make up on their own. And I can give you the male point of view on this. Which is: we're fine with it. You do whatever the hell it is you gotta do. To a man, sex is like a car accident anyway. And determining a female orgasm is like being asked: What did you see after the car went out of control? Well, I remember I heard a lot of screeching noises I was facing the wrong way at one point and in the end, my body was thrown clear. I'll tell you what I like about Chinese people They're hanging in there with the chop sticks, aren't they? You know they've seen the fork. They're staying with the sticks. I'm impressed by that. I don't know how they missed it. A Chinese farmer, gets up, works in the field with the shovel all day Shovel Spoon Come on There it is. You're not ploughing 40 acres with a couple of pool cues And why is McDonald's still counting? This is really insecure, isn't it? 40 gillion, 80 million, zillion, billion, killion, tillion What is this? Does it mean anything to anyone? 89 billion sold. Ok. I'll have one. I would love to meet the chairman of the board of McDonald's Just to say to him: Look, we all get it. You have sold a lotta hamburgers. Whatever the hell the number is. Just put up a sign: McDonald's, we're doing very well!' I don't need to hear about every goddamn one of them. What is their ultimate goal? To have cows just surrendering voluntarily? Showing up at the door: We'd like to turn ourselves in. We see the sign we realize we have very little chance out there. We'd like to be a Happy Meal' if that's at all possible. I was in London about a month ago, the World Cup was going on. I enjoy any sporting event where nations get involved. I find that the most exciting. The Olympics is really my favorite sporting event, although I think I have a problem with that silver medal. I think, if I was an Olympic athlete, I would rather come in last then win the silver. If you think about it if you win the gold, you feel good. If you win in the bronze, you think: Well, at least I got something. But if you win that silver, it's like: Congratulations! You almost won. Of all the losers, you came in first of that group. You're the number one loser. No one lost ahead of you. And they don't loose by much. These short races Three hundredths of a second, two hundredths of a second I don't know how they live with that the rest of their lives. Cause they gotta tell the story. Everyone wants to hear the story. Wow! Congratulations! Silver medal! Did you trip? Did you not hear the gun go off? Tell us what happened. It's a hundredth of a second. People say: What was the difference in the margin there? Eh, uh, that was it. I trained, I worked out, I exercised my entire life, I never had a date, I never had a drink, I never had a beer, I was doing push-ups since I was fetus, I flew halfway around the world, everybody I knew in my whole life was there, the gun was shot Eh, ooh! And they always have that photo finish That photo finish is always: silver, gold. This is the whole race. Gold, silver, bronze. Dead last. Greatest guy in the world never heard of him. The guy's gotta be thinking: If I had a pimple, I would have won! Some of the events in the Olympics don't make sense to me. I don't understand the connection to any reality Like in the Winter Olympics they have that biathlon. That combines cross-country skiing with shooting a gun. How many alpine snipers are into this? Ski, shoot a gun ski, bang, bang, bang It's like combining swimming and strangle a guy. Why don't we have that? That makes absolutely as much sense to me. Just put people in the pool at the end of each lane for the swimmers And that other one that I love is the looge When the guy wears this slick suit This is on the bob-sledge run, but it's not even a sledge. It's just Bob. It's just a human being hanging on for their life. This is the whole sport. Oh, he pointed his toes. Oh, this guy's a tremendous athlete. The looge is the only sport that I've ever seen that you could have people competing in it against their will If they were just grabbing people off the street Hey, hey, hey what is this? I don't wanna be in the looge. You put the helmet on, you wouldn't really hear them screaming You'd just You're in the looge buddy. World record. Didn't even wanna do it. I wanna see that event next year: the involuntary looge.' I consider myself something of a sportsman. I like sporty type things. Scooba-diving. Did that in Australia that was a lotta fun. A great activity where your main goal is to not die. It's really all I was thinking about the entire day. Don't die, don't die, don't die There's a fish. There's a rock. Who cares? Don't die Let's swim, and breathe, and live Because living is good and dying not as good. So I go with this guy Mister Scooba-Guy. He takes me to the store, makes sure I buy everything I need I had the waterproof wallet nylon in case we run into a sea turtle that can break a 50. Waterproof watch That's important, gee You're completely out of oxygen and look at the time. Geez, now I'm dead and I'm late. I like these somewhat high risk things: the scooba I've gone hand gliding, I've gone skydiving, I like a little bit of risk I don't know, maybe that's why I do this I saw a thing, actually a study that said: speaking in front of a crowd is considered the number one fear of the average person. I found that amazing. Number two, was death. Death is number two? This means, to the average person, if you have to be at a funeral, you would rather be in the casket than doing the eulogy. Skydiving was definitely the scariest thing I've ever done. Let me ask you this question in regards to the skydiving: what is the point of the helmet in the skydiving? Can you kinda make it? You jump out of that plane and that chute doesn't open, the helmet is now wearing you for protection. Later on, the helmet's talking with the other helmets: It's a good thing he was there or I would have hit the ground directly. You never jump out of a plane unless you got a human being strapped underneath you. That's basic safety. There are many things we can point to as proof that the human being is not smart. The helmet is my personal favorite. The fact that we had to invent the helmet Why did we invent the helmet? Well, because we were participating in many activities that were cracking our heads. We looked at the situation We chose not to avoid these activities but to just make little plastic hats so that we can continue our head cracking lifestyles. The only thing dumber than the helmet, is the helmet law, the point of which is to protect a brain that is functioning so poorly it's not even trying to stop the cracking of the head that it's in. At least the helmet is functional clothing. I appreciate that. Clothing to me, for the most part, is just such a tremendous pain in the ass. If you think of the amount of time, mental effort, physical energy, that goes into your clothes: picking'em, buying'em, does that go with that I don't think I can wear that, I'm missing a button, this is dirty, I gotta get something new, that's up my ass, can't wear this I think we should all wear the same exact clothes. Because it seems to be what happens eventually, anyway. Anytime you see a movie or a TV-show where there's people from the future or another planet they're all wearing the same outfit. I think the decision just gets made: All right, everyone, from now on, it's just gonna be the one piece silver suit with the V stripe and the boots. That's the outfit. We're gonna be visiting other planets, we wanna look like a team here. The individuality thing is over. The dry cleaner I can't stand. Cause I don't think he's doing it. I don't know what goes on back there but I cannot conceive such a thing as actual dry cleaning. We all accept it 'cause we see the stores everywhere. But, think about it. Dry? What is dry? You can't clean something dry. What do they do? Tap it, shake it, blow on it? There's gotta be some kind of a liquid back there. Did you ever get something on your clothes and get it off with your fingernail? That's dry cleaning. That is the only dry cleaning. I brought this guy a suede jacket got spots on it 'cause I was in the rain. He says: there's nothing we can do. Water ruins leather. Aren't cows outdoors a lot of the time? What? If it rains do the cows go up to the farmhouse Hey, let us in. We're all wearing leather out here. Hey, open up, man. I'm suede. I'm living suede. Dry clean only' is definitely the only warning label that human beings actually respect. They look at cigarettes: This will give you cancer, kill you an the kids. It's good, I'll do whatever the hell I want. Don't drink this medicine and operate heavy machinery. Who cares. That's for people who don't know what the hell they're doing. I'm a pro. But if you have something that's dry clean only and somebody goes to put it in the washing machine Don't put it in the washing machine! It's dry clean only! Are you crazy, are you out of your mind? It is amazing what people will believe. I watch these infomercials late at night If it gets late enough the products start to look good to me. I have actually found myself sitting there thinking I don't think I have a knife that can cut through the shoe. I don't think any of my knives are good enough to cut through shoes. I'm gonna get this knife and cut my shoes off. That seems pretty good. I think the dumbest thing you can do late at night is I'm gonna get this thing and get in shape. It's 3 in the morning, you got potato chip crumbs on your shirt, you got one eye open, one sock hanging of the foot. I'm gonna start working out with this thing. I'm gonna order this thing. This is all I need to get in shape. This is a fantastic device. Rip-off. We can't stop getting ripped-off. We're gonna get ripped off. We think we're not, we think we're very clever, we think we're gonna foil the crooks. We go to the beach, go in the water, put you wallet in the sneaker, who's gonna know? What criminal mind could penetrate this fortress of security? I put it down by the toe. They never look there. They check the heels, they move on. When you have a TV set in the back of your car and you gotta leave the car in the street for a few minutes so you put a sweater over the TV. It's a couple of sweaters, that's all. One of them is square with an antenna coming out of it. So feeble the things we come up with to foil the crooks! The Wanted' posters at the post office You're there, you got your package, you're trying to mail something, this guy's wanted in 12 states. Yeah, now what? Ok. I check the guy standing in line behind me if it's not him, that's pretty much all I can do. Why don't they just hold on to this guy when they're taking his picture. The guy's there with you! Come out from behind the camera and grab him! No, we don't do that. We take their picture, we let them go. That's how we get the front and side shot. The front is his face, the side is him leaving. Why don't they put the pictures of the criminals on the postage stamps? Let the postman look for'em. He's out there walking around all day. He's got the uniform on. Can't he do something? We got another letter for you, mister Jon I think that's him So we really had a good time This is the end of a long tour. When you're on the road you always have to do whatever anyone suggests that day. Because you have nothing to do and you have no ideas so you do whatever anyone suggests. So, a couple of weeks we go to the track. I did that a couple of times in my life. Betting on the horses you can't possibly win. I don't understand what we're betting on Do the horses know that it's a race? Are they aware? What is going on here? After the race are the horses walking back to the stable: I was third, I was first, I was ninth. I think they're thinking: Oat bag, I get my oat bag now! Oat bag time. I gotta bet on this idiot? I mean, I'm sure the horses have some idea that the jockey is in a big hurry. I mean, he's on him, he's hitting him with this thing. He's going: Come on, come on Obviously he's in a hurry, the jockey's in a hurry. But the horse must get to the end and go: We were just here! What was the point of that? This is where we were. That was the longest possible route you could take. Why didn't we just stay here? We would have been first! I'll tell you one thing the horses definitely do not know. They do not know that if you should accidentally trip and break your leg at any point during the race we blow your brains out. I think they're missing that little tidbit of information. I think if they knew that you'd see some mighty careful stepping coming down that home stretch. Take it easy, take it easy. You win, I'll place whatever. The important thing is your health. I've gone horseback riding. I can't do that. They don't give you the really good horses when you're not good at it, I found out. The guy says: What level rider would you say that you are? I say: I don't know Zero, nothing, whatever the system is. I can't do it. Is that clear enough for you? I'm going where the horse wants to go. That's my level. After they hear that, they start looking around: All right, is Glue Stick back yet? How 'bout Almost Dead? Why don't you saddle him up? So I get on this U-shaped lightning-quick steed I got the only horse you could put your feet flat on the ground while you're riding it. I'm riding a hammock here. Looking up at my friends: I don't think that we all got the same kind of horse here. It's kind of a secure feeling. I could walk along with him if I wanted. And the horse wasn't too thrilled with having me either. Cause I don't know what the hell I'm doing. So he takes control. Going this way, going that way Then they just stop. What? What is it? And they look up at you Chill-out hop-along. I know the trail. I'm here every goddamn day, ok? And I really appreciate the kicking while I'm taking a leak, too. Thanks a lot. That really improves the already wonderful life that I have. People either sitting on me or kicking me while I'm peeing. I'm living in a paradise here at the ranch. I get out of a car that has 300 horsepower so I can sit on an animal that has one. Why do we even use the term horsepower'? Is that to further humiliate horses? The space-shuttle rockets have 20 million horsepower. Is there any point in still comparing it to the horses? Any chance of going back to using rockets with horses, trying to keep track of how many we're gonna need? Hey, horse. There's a rocket engine that broke down. Can you get 20 million friends together really fast? 20 million? That's a lot. They make glue out of horses. I don't know who started that. Who saw that potential? That's pretty amazing to me. Working in a stationery store, a horse walks by: Hey, wait a minute! I think he could be glue. How do we pick out the really sticky ones? You leave that to me. What about that one over there? He's weaving around. He looks like he's out of his mind. He'll be crazy glue'. To me the toughest part of that horse life is that trailer. Why do they make the horse trailer like that? Is that the best way to move a horse out on the highway? With their huge fat disgusting rear ends right in my face? Do the horses like it? They're probably standing in the back, going: Do you feel a draft, Bill? I can't see anything back there, but it's awfully breezy, isn't it? You don't think our huge fat asses are hanging out the back of this truck, do you. Why the hell would they do that to us? They already ride us around and kick us while we're peeing, why would they stick our ass out of a truck? But I have fully adjusted to the road. I like hotels. I enjoy tiny soap. I pretend that it's normal soap and my muscles are huge. And you can always tell when you're in a fine quality luxury hotel when the TV is bolted to a solid steel beam and welded into the wall. Is this a big problem in the hotel business? People coming up to the desk: I'd like to check out. The main thing is the bathroom, the shower, that's gotta be good. That's why I don't like to stay with people on the road. I don't want to be in other people's showers. I don't know how to operate them. You can never get the ratios right on the dials. Sometimes a 16th of an inch is a thousand degrees. You gotta get out of the way of the water. There's always that little hair stuck on the wall, too. And you wanna get rid of it but you don't wanna touch it. I don't know how it got up that high in the first place. Maybe it's got a life of its own. So you gotta aim the shower head at the hair That never works. You gotta get a pool of water from under the shower and over to the hair. Get it down a foot at a time like this. The hair is hanging on. But we have to fight these battles. We're all alone in the bathroom. Whatever goes wrong you have to handle it. Did you ever go to a big party, go into the bathroom, flush the toilet, the water starts coming up This is the most frightening moment in the life of a human being. You'll do anything to stop this. You'll loose your mind, start talking to the toilet: No, please, don't do this to me! No, come on, you know this is not my responsibility. I didn't make this happen. I'll get you the blue thing, the man in the boat, just let me off the hook this one time. Thank you very much. You've been a wonderful audience. Thank you for coming.
