Thank you, thank you, thank you very much. It is great to be here hosting “Saturday Night Live.”  That is a very weird thing to say. I was a writer here for five years. Some of the best years of my life. And to be hosting here is just surreal. I mean, I used to write monologues for the hosts, now I'm up here, I get to give the monologue. I get to introduce the musical guest. I mean, that's incredible.The best intro, by the way, I ever saw of an “SNL” host with a musical best was sir Patrick Stewart. And he was introducing the musical guest. And this is how he did it. He went, “ladies and gentlemen, Salt-N-Pepa!” Like - like he was surprised by Pepa. Like minutes before they'd been like, we can't find Pepa anywhere. And he's like “if we must go on with salt alone, we will go on with salt alone!” They're like, “three, two, one,” and Pepa burst through the door, and he's like, “ladies and gentlemen, Salt - and what's this? Pepa!” It was the best time. It was an innocent time, you know? What I was younger I thought the world was going to be simple and nice. But now at the end of my life -  I'm not so sure. I'm getting grumpy which I don't like. Like I don't like any new songs. I don't like any new songs. Because every new song is about how tonight is the night. And how we only have tonight. That's the message in 90 percent of songs. That's such 19-year-old garbage. I want to write songs for people in their 30s called “tonight's no good, how about Wednesday? Oh, you're in Houston on Wednesday, okay, then let's not see each other for six months, and it doesn't matter at all.”I try to stay polite. I'm overly polite, apparently, my wife says. When my wife and I walk down the street, we have totally different styles. When she walks down the street, she does not care what anyone thinks about her in any situation. She's my hero. When I walk down the street, I need everyone to like me so much. It's exhausting. My wife said that walking around with me was like walking around with someone who's running for mayor of nothing. People ask us if we're going to have children. We don't have any. So we say, no. They go, never? You're never going to have kids? I'm like, I don't know never. Look. 14 Years ago I smoked cocaine the night before my college graduation. Now I'm afraid to get a flu shot. People change.  Strange the passage of time. I like old-fashioned things, you know? I was in Connecticut recently doing white people stuff.  Really, okay. One day in Connecticut - it doesn't matter why, but I was sitting in a gazebo.  And there was a plaque on the gazebo. And it said this gazebo was built by the town in 1863. That's in the middle of the Civil War. And they built a gazebo.  How did that town meeting work? They were like, all right, first order of business, we have all the telegrams from Gettysburg with the war dead. Let's see here, everyone's husband and brother and everyone died, okay. Josiah, you had something? Yes, I do. How'd you like to be indoors and out of doors all at once? Ever walking through the park with your betrothed and it starts to rain but you still want to hold hands? Well may I introduce you to, and my condolences again to everyone, the gazebo!  Building a gazebo during the Civil War. Would be like doing standup comedy now. They used to do weird, slow, leisurely activities in the old days. Because they didn't have enough to do so they had to fill the day. You woke up back then, oh, god, it's the old days. I've got to wear all those layers. We've got to think of weird, slow activities to fill the time. And they did. Have you ever seen like old film from the past? Of people just like waving at a ship?  What if I called you now to do that? Hey, what are you doing Monday there's a Norwegian cruise line leaving for Martinique. Around 10:00 a.m. Here's my plan. You and I get very dressed up, including hats. And we wave handkerchiefs at the ship till it disappears over the horizon. No, I don't know anyone on the ship. Everything is fast now and it's totally unreasonable. The world is run by computers. The world is run by robots. And sometimes they ask us if we're a robot. Just because we're trying to logon and look at our own stuff.  Multiple times a day. May I see my stuff, please? Huh. I smell a robot. Prove, prove! Prove you're not a robot. Look at these curvy letters!  Much curvier than most letters, wouldn't you say? No robot could ever read these!  You look mortal if need be. You look and you type what you think you see. Is it an “e”? Or is it a “3”? That's a “p.” The passwords have passed, you've correctly guessed. But now it's time for the robot test!  I devised a question no robot could ever answer. Which of these pictures does not have a stop sign in it?   What?  You spend a lot of your day telling a robot that you're not a robot. Think about that for two minutes and tell me you don't want to walk into the ocean.
 Welcome to Radio City Music Hall. It's time. Any questions? No. Walk with me.    Good evening. Hi, I'm John Mulaney, nice to meet you. Jon Brion, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for coming to see me at Radio City Music Hall. I love to play venues where if the guy that built the venue could see me on the stage, he would be a little bit bummed about it. Look at this. This is so much nicer than what I'm about to do. It's really… It's really tragic. What a historic and beautiful and deeply haunted building this is. I keep walking through cold spots being like, “I wonder who that used to be.”I've never seen a ghost, by the way. I asked my mom if she'd ever seen a ghost. That's where we're at conversation-wise in our relationship as a mother and son, because I'm 35 and I don't have any children to talk about and she doesn't understand my career. So I was home for Christmas and we were just eating Triscuits in silence and I was staring at the floor and I was like, “Well, here goes nothing. ‘You ever seen a ghost?'” And my mom said, “Yes.” Which is the best answer. She said, “I never told you this before but our house, when you were growing up, was haunted.” I said, “Say more right now!” She said, “Outside you and your brother's room, I used to see the ghost of a little girl in a Victorian nightgown and then she would walk down the hallway and then she would evaporate.” And then my dad said, “Let's change the subject!” And I think he was just doing that dad-thing of, like, “This is a weird topic and I want to talk about a book I read about World War II.” But the way it came off was that he definitely killed that little girl. “Let's change the subject! Why are we even talking about Penelope… or whatever her name was? I didn't kill her! Whoever did kill her only did it to protect her from this world.”None of us really know our fathers. Anyway… My dad is so weird. I'd love to meet him someday. You know, my friend was telling me that his dad used to beat him with a belt and that's just the setup to my story, so… Forget about that poor son of a bitch. Anyway… He was talking and I was waiting for him to be done so I could talk. So he's “talk, talk, talk.” It's my turn next! And…  I said, “My dad never hit us.” My dad is a lawyer and he was a debate team champion. So he would pick us apart psychologically. One time I was at the dinner table when I was like six, because I had to be. My dad goes, “How was school today?” I said, “It was good but someone pushed Tyler off the seesaw.” “And where were you?” “I was over on the bench.” “And what did you do?” “Nothing. I was over on the bench.” “But you saw what happened?” “Yeah, 'cause I was over on the bench.” “So you saw what happened and you did nothing?” “Yeah, 'cause I was sitting over on the bench.” “Let me ask you this. In Nazi Germany…”  “…when people saw what the Nazis were doing and did nothing, were those good people?” “No, those are bad people. You gotta stop the Nazis.” “But you saw what they were doing to Tyler and you did nothing!” “Because I was over on the bench.” And then my dad said, “Just explain to me this. How are you better than a Nazi?” And then my mom said, “I made a salad with Craisins!” And the conversation ended.My dad's a very weird, informal guy. A lot of people ask me if he gave me a sex talk. Yes. I think. I was like 12 years old and my dad walked up to me and he said, “Hello…  Hello, I'm Chip Mulaney. I'm your father.” And then he said the following, “You know,  Leonard Bernstein… was one of the great composers and conductors of the 20th century, but sometimes he would be gay. And according to a biography I read of him, when he was holding back the gay part, he did some of his best work.”  Now we don't have time to unpack all of that. And I don't know if he was discouraging me from being gay or encouraging me to be a classical composer. But that is how he thought to phrase it to a 12-year-old boy. How would that ever work? Like years later, I'd be in college about to go down on some rocking twink and I'd be like, “Wait a second… What would Leonard Bernstein do?” I've never talked to my dad about that, but I figured I would tell all of you. This is so great. Thank you for coming. You're here. That's great. You all showed up. - -I appreciate it. And then we showed up so you got to see the things that you paid to see. That's great. You don't always get to see the things that you paid to see. Ever been to the goddamn zoo? Those guys are never where they're supposed to be. Every time I go to the zoo I'm like, “Hey, where's the jaguar?” And the zoo guy is like, “He must be in the inside part.” The inside part? Tell him we're here. I love doing stand-up for crowds because this right here, this reminds me of assembly in grade school. And assembly was the only part of school I ever liked. Once you leave school, you don't get to have assembly. This is the closest we get in adult life to assembly. ‘Cause look at you all, you're just sitting there in chairs, looking at a guy with absolutely no expertise, who's going to talk for a while. Although this is different than assembly because you bought tickets, you knew this was coming. Assembly you never knew was coming when you were a kid. You just showed up at 8:00 a.m. and they were like, “Put down your stuff. Go to the gym.” You're like, “God, I guess they're finally going to kill us all. All right. This is younger than I thought I would be but we are pretty big assholes.” You get to the gym and the whole school is sitting on the floor. You're like, “What are we, about to graduate from Tuesday?” My principal would always come out to kick things off. She'd be like, “Children, rather than continue to teach you how to read, we have cleared the entire day for this random guy.”  “I used to smoke crack! As you seven and eight-year-olds probably know, freebasing is the greatest orgasm known to man. But I'm here to tell you there's hope. I've been sober now two weeks. Well, weekdays, not weekends. Weekends, that's Nunzio's time.”I was once in assembly listening to a guy talk about smoking crack. My social studies teacher yelled at me, “Sit up straight! Show some respect.” I was like, “He's smoking cocaine.” “Sit up straight”? He's standing on a 45-degree angle. Or, as junkies call it, first position. I always got yelled at at assembly. That's right. There was always assembly and then, like, that second assembly to yell at you for how you behaved at the first assembly. They'd be like, “Get in here! Sit down. I want to talk about what happened yesterday.” You're like eight years old, “What's yesterday?” “We invite a woman here with homemade puppets to teach you about bullying through skits and you laugh at this woman? We noticed you had all been bullying each other and making fun of everything constantly. So we invite a woman with straight gray hair, in a denim dress, with a wrist-cast and homemade puppets that all have the same voice to teach you about bullying through skits, and you, ha-ha-ha, laugh it up. What was so funny about that woman? I want to know. What was so funny about when she couldn't fit the box of puppets back into the trunk of her Dodge Neon? What was so hilarious that you all ran to the windows? Well, you all missed a valuable lesson on the danger of cliques.” “What's a clique?” “It's when a group of people hang out together.” “Oh, you mean like having friends?” “No, because these people make fun of other people.” “Oh, you mean like having friends?” The greatest assembly of them all, once a year, Stranger Danger. Yeah, the hottest ticket in town. The Bruno Mars of assemblies. You are gathered together as a school and you are told never to talk to an adult that you don't know and you are told this by an adult that you don't know. We had the same Stranger Danger speaker every year when I was a kid, his name was Detective JJ Bittenbinder. Go ahead and laugh. His name is ridiculous. That was his name. It was JJ Bittenbinder. He was from the Chicago Police Department. He was a child homicide expert and… - -Oh, gee.  Very sorry, Radio City, did that make you uncomfortable? Well, guess what? You're adults and he's not even here. So try being seven years old and you're sitting five feet away from him. He's still got blood on his shoes. And he's looking at you in the eye to tell you for the first time in your very young life that some adults find you incredibly attractive.  And they may just have to kill you over it. Okay, c'est la vie, go be kids, go have fun. Bittenbinder came every year. By the way, Detective JJ Bittenbinder wore three-piece suits. He also wore a pocket watch. Two years in a row, he wore a cowboy hat. He also had a huge handlebar mustache. None of that matters, but it's important to me that you know that. He did not look like his job description. He looked like he should be the conductor on a locomotive powered by confetti. But, instead, he made his living in murder. He was the weirdest goddamn person I ever saw in my entire life. He was a man most acquainted with misery. He could look at a child and guess the price of their coffin.  That line never gets a laugh. But once you write it, it stays in the act forever.So Bittenbinder came every year with a program to teach us about the violent world waiting for us outside the school gym, and that program was called Street Smarts! “Time for Street Smarts with Detective JJ Bittenbinder. Shut up! You're all gonna die. Street Smarts!” That was the general tone. He would give us tips to deal with crime.I will share some of the tips with you this evening. “Okay, tip number one. Street Smarts! Let's say a guy pulls a knife on you to mug you.” You remember the scourge of muggings when you were in second and third grade. You know how a mugger thinks. “Man, I need cash for drugs right now. Hey, maybe that eight-year-old with the goddamn Aladdin wallet that only has blank photo laminate pages in it will be able to help.” “Let's say a guy pulls a knife on you to mug you. What do you do? You go fumbling for your wallet. And you go fumbling for your wallet. Well, in that split-second, that's when he's going to stab you. So here's what you do. You kids get yourselves a money clip. Okay, you can get these at any haberdashery. You put a $50 bill in the money clip then when a guy flashes a blade, you go, ‘You want my money, go get it!' Then you run the other direction.” And our teachers were like, “Write that down.”  We're like, “Buy a money clip. Engraved, question mark?” You go home to your parents. “Hey, Dad. Can I have a silver money clip with a $50 bill in it, please? Don't worry. I'm only going to chuck it into the gutter and run away at the first sign of trouble. The man with the mustache told me to do it.”“Tip number two. Street Smarts! Let's say a kidnapper throws you in the back of a trunk…” This was at nine in the morning.  “Let's say a kidnapper throws you in the back of a trunk. Don't panic.  Once you get your bearings… find the carpet that covers the taillight, peel back the carpet, make a fist, punch the taillight out the back of the car, thus creating a hole in the back of the automobile, then stick your little hand out and wave to oncoming motorists to let them know that something hinky is going on.” Can you imagine driving behind that?  I think they're turning left. “Tip number three. Street Smarts! You kids have no upper body strength.” And we were like, “We know but, hey.” “If some guy tries to grab you, you can't fight him with fists. So here's what you do. You kids fall down on your back and you kick upward at him. That'll throw him off his rhythm.” That was a big thing with Bittenbinder, throwing pedophiles off their rhythm. “He's not gonna know how to fight back with two little sneakers coming at him.”  “If the Lindbergh baby had steel-toe boots, he'd still be alive today. Street Smarts!”Yeah, he was not a “spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down” kind of guy. He was more like, “Brush your teeth. Now, boom, orange juice. That's life.” Bittenbinder, he didn't want us to not get kidnapped. He wanted us to almost get kidnapped and then fight the guy off using weird, psych-out, back-room Chicago violence. Like here's what he wanted to see on the news. “We're here with seven-year-old John Mulaney who fended off a kidnapper earlier today. How did you do it, John?”  “Well, thank ya for askin'. I used the Bittenbinder method. When I saw the perp approachin', I chewed up a tab of Alka-Seltzer I carry with me at all times. This created a foaming-at-the-mouth appearance that made it look like I had rabies. Now I've thrown him off his rhythm. Then I reach into his jacket pocket where I had planted a gram of coke and I went, ‘Whoa! What the fuck is this?' And he goes, ‘That's not mine. I never seen that before.' I go, ‘Boo-hoo, it's in your jacket. You're doing two to ten and your kids are going into Social Services.' Now he's cryin'! Then I grab a telephone book and I beat him on the torso with it. ‘Cause as any Chicago cop will tell ya, a phone book doesn't leave bruises.” “Well, that was seven-year-old John Mulaney, currently being sued for police brutality.” Bittenbinder told me things that haunt me to this day. He came one year for assembly. He goes, “Okay, when you get kidnapped…” Not if, when.  “Okay, so when you get kidnapped, the place where the guy grabs ya, in the biz we call that the primary location. Okay. Your odds of coming back alive from the primary location, about 60 percent. But if you are taken to a secondary location, your odds of coming back alive are slim to none.” I am 35 years old and I am still terrified of secondary locations. If I'm at a place, I never want to go to another place. I'll be at a wedding reception and someone'll be like, “You coming to the hotel bar after? We're all gonna get drinks and keep the party going.” I'm like, “Nah, sister. You're not getting me to no secondary location. You want it? Go get it!” Street Smarts! Stay alert out there. I thought I was going to be murdered my entire childhood. In high school people were like, “What are your top three colleges?” I was like, “Top three colleges? I thought I would be dead in a trunk with my hand hanging out of the taillight by now.”I went to college. For the whole time. Holy shit, right? I just got a letter from my college, which was fun 'cause mail, you know? So I open up the letter and they said, “Hey, John, it's college. You remember?” I say, “Yes, of course.” And they said… How did they phrase it? They said, “Give us some money!”  “As a gift! We want a gift! But only if it's money.” I found this peculiar. You see, what had happened, New York, was that when I was a student, I had paid them tuition money. Every semester, two semesters a year, for four years. I don't remember exactly what it was, but rounding up, back in 1999 dollars, it was about $15,000 a semester, two semesters a year, for four years. So it was about $30,000 a year for four years. So it was about $120,000, okay? So roughly speaking, I gave my college about $120,000. Okay, so you might say that I already gave them $120,000 and now you have the audacity to ask me for more money. What kind of a cokehead relative…  What kind of a cokehead relative is my college? You spent it already? I gave you more money than the Civil War cost and you fucking spent it already? Where's my money? I felt like Jimmy Stewart in It's a Wonderful Life when he's screaming at his uncle Billy.  “Where's the money? Where's that money, you fat motherfucker? Where's my money? Stay down on the ground, you motherfucker!” That's not the dialogue. But do you remember that scene from It's a Wonderful Life? Great movie, Frank Capra, 1946. A hundred and twenty thousand dollars! I have friends I went to college with and they're like, “You should donate and be a good alumnus.” And they wear shirts that say “school” and it's like, look… if you're an adult still giving money to your college, college is a $120,000 hooker and you are an idiot who fell in love with her. She's not going to do anything else for you. It's done. In their letter they were like, “Hey, it's been a while since you've given us money.” I was like, “Hey, it's been a while since you've housed and taught me. I thought our transaction was over. I gave you $120,000 and you gave me a weird cinder block room with a Reservoir Dogs poster on it and the first real heartbreak of my life, and probably HPV, and then we called it a day.” Probably. Also, what did I get for my money? What is college?   Stop going until we figure it out. Because I went to college, I have no idea what it was. I went to college, I was 18 years old, I looked like I was 11. I lived like a goddamn Ninja Turtle. I didn't drink water the entire time. I lived on cigarettes and alcohol and Adderall. College was like a four-year game show called Do My Friends Hate Me or Do I Just Need to Go to Sleep? But instead of winning money, you lose $120,000. By the way, I agreed to give them $120,000 when I was 17 years old. With no attorney present. That's illegal. They tricked me. They tricked me like Brendan Dassey on Making a Murderer. They tricked me like poor Brendan. They pulled me out of high school. I was in sweatpants, all confused. Two guys in clip-on ties are like, “Come on, son, do the right thing. Sign here and be an English major.” And I was like, “Okay.” Yes, you heard me, an English major. -I paid $120,000. - How dare you clap? How dare you clap for the worst financial decision I ever made in my life? I paid $120,000 for someone to tell me to go read Jane Austen and then I didn't.  That's the worst use of 120 grand I can possibly fathom. Other than if you, like, bought a duffel bag of fake cocaine. No, I take it back. That's a better use of the money, 'cause I know you'd be disappointed when you open up the duffel bag and you realize it's not real cocaine, it's like powdered baby aspirin or whatever they do. But at least you have baby aspirin. And maybe you have a baby and one day your baby goes, “Oh, my head,” and you go, “Hey, I've got something for you! Come here, little guy.” And you dump it out on a mirror. You make it nice for the baby. You make it nice. You cut it up into lines with your laundry card or whatever and you make it nice, and your baby takes his sippy-cup straw and he holds it in his little ravioli-sized baby fist and he leans over-  and he snorts up the baby aspirin, and he gets rid of his baby headache, plus you get a duffel bag!  That is way better than walking across a stage at graduation, hungover, in a gown, to accept a certificate for reading books that I didn't read.  Strolling across a stage, the sun in my eyes, my family watching as I sweat vodka and ecstasy, to receive a four-year degree in a language that I already spoke. I don't mean to sound down on donating.  It's good to give to charities, you know. My wife and I just gave a bunch of stuff to Goodwill. We were moving apartments, we had a bunch of clothes and furniture, so we made a whole day out of it. We made these big piles of clothes, we put the piles into these big boxes, then we put the boxes into the back of my car, and then they stayed there for four months. And then one day my wife said, “Hey, you took that stuff to Goodwill, right?” And I said, “Of course I did! On an unrelated note, I'm going to walk out the front door right now.” So then I had to speed to Goodwill really fast. It was charitable, but it was also fast and violent, because I was throwing boxes at people. The boxes were so heavy I couldn't even say what was in them. I was like, “This one's shirts. I got a bunch of shirts! Take 'em away!” The guy tried to give me a big receipt. He's like, “Take this receipt for the clothing for your taxes.” How do I write that on my taxes? “Dear IRS, please deduct from my federal income tax one XXL Billabong T-shirt from youth. It was too big. My mom said it could be a sleep shirt. Please deduct this from my 2017 income.” That sleep shirt bullshit. “Well, if it's too big you can just wear it as a sleep shirt.” No, I get that, Mom, but why don't we just tell our relatives that I'm a four-year-old boy and I don't wear a man's XXL T-shirt? “Because we don't say that when someone gives us a gift because that would not be polite.” Oh, I get it. So rather than violate these meaningless politeness rules, I'll just go to bed in a smock like goddamn Ebenezer Scrooge. Why don't you give me a candle for looking in the mirror and a floppy hat and I'll tremble off to bed in my long Victorian nightgown? Was there ever even a ghost, Mother, or was the dead Victorian girl you saw just me all along?  So that's why you can't give to charity. I'm kidding.I like to throw an “I'm kidding” at the ends of jokes now, in case the jokes are ever played in court. You ever heard a joke played in court? Never goes well. They're like, “‘And that's why you shouldn't give… to charity.' Is that something you find funny, Mr. Mulaney?” Um… at the time.  I found out recently that jokes don't do well in court. So, some friends of mine were sued in college for property damage. And they were guilty. And the lawsuit dragged on for years and years and eventually I got a call when I was 28 years old. It was my friend from college, he said, “Hey, that lawsuit with my neighbor is still dragging on and my neighbor just subpoenaed all my emails from college that mention him or the lawsuit.” And I said, “That's crazy. But why are you calling me?” And he said, “Because you should be concerned.”  He said, “I have an email here from junior year where I wrote, ‘Hey, guys, I'm going to miss practice tonight because I have to meet with my neighbor about that lawsuit thing.' And you replied, ‘Hey, do you want me to kill that guy for you? Because it sounds like he sucks and I will totally kill that guy for you. Okay. See you at improv practice.'”  Of all the sentences in that email I would be ashamed to have read out loud in a court of law, I think the top one is “See you at improv practice.”Strange, the passage of time. I'm not that old. I'm 35, that is not old. But I am in a new phase right before old called “gross.”  I never knew about this, but I am now gross. I am damp all the time. I am damp now and I will be damp later.  Like the back of a dolphin, my back. I am slick. The butt part of my pants is a little damp a lot and I don't think it's anything serious… but isn't it, though? And… I'll be sitting at a restaurant and I'll get up and I'll be like, “What did I sit in?” And it was me. I'm gross now. I've been talking through burps. I never used to do this. When I was a kid and I wanted to burp, I'd be like, “Silence!” Blagh! Now I'm trying to push 'em down and muscle through 'em. I'll be at dinner, just doing the bread and the seltzer, filling up like a hot air balloon, and then I'm like…  “Did you say you were going to Italy? Because we have a travel- She has a travel agent if-  I'm going to the kitchen, does anyone need anything? From the…  Anyone need anything?” Just take a pause, John! I'm gross. I have hair on my shoulders now. I don't even have a joke for that. That's how much I hate that shit.  I was sitting up in bed a few weeks ago like…  You know, life. And my wife was rubbing my shoulders, which was very nice of her, but then she started singing to herself. “Monkey, monkey, monkey man.”  “Monkey, monkey, monkey man.” Not at me. Not to be mean. This was a song from deep in her subconscious. I don't even think she was aware she was singing it. But it was certainly not the first time she had sung it. I don't know what my body is for other than just taking my head from room to room.  And it's not getting any better. I'm 35, but I'm still like, “Hey, when am I going to get big and strong?” This is it. It's just going to be this. I'm like an iPhone, it's going to be worse versions of this every year, plus I get super hot in the middle of the afternoon for no reason. As I get older, it's tough to not get grumpy. It's tempting. I get grumpy about some things. Like, I can't listen to any new songs because every new song is about how tonight is the night and how we only have tonight. That is such 19-year-old horseshit. I want to write songs for people in their 30s called “Tonight's No Good, How About Wednesday? Oh, You're in Dallas on Wednesday? Okay. Well, Let's Just Not See Each Other for Eight Months And It Doesn't Matter at All.” I'm trying to stay nice though, because when I was a kid, I was raised that you should be nice to everyone in every situation because you never know their story. But now, at the end of my life, I don't know, because a lot of people don't seem that nice and they seem to be doing fine in the world. Or maybe they have different definitions of what it means to be nice. That's something you figure out as you get older and meet new people. Not everyone thinks the same things are nice. You learn that especially when you get jobs. I had a very weird job in my mid-20s for about four and a half years. I was a writer right across the street over at  Saturday Night Live. -It was very exciting. Yeah. - It was great. I loved it. If you haven't seen the show, you gotta check it out.They have a host and a musical guest. Oh, my God, you're going to love it. Real quick tangent. Okay, my favorite host ever introducing a musical guest was this. The host was Sir Patrick Stewart, the great Sir Patrick Stewart, and this is how he introduced the musical guest. “Ladies and gentlemen, Salt-N-Pepa!”  Like he was surprised by Pepa. Like minutes before they'd been, “Sir Patrick, we can't find Pepa anywhere.” And he's like, “If we must go on with Salt alone, we will go on with Salt alone!” And they were like, “Three, two, one,” and Pepa burst through the door and he's like, “Ladies and gentlemen, Salt and… what's this? Pepa!”Famous people are weird as shit. They're all weird. Your suspicions are correct. And they would all come in to Saturday Night Live and they'd have to meet with me because I was a little rat writer and they'd have to talk about the sketches. They'd sit on my office couch that had like bed bugs and stuff. It was great. Like, they were famous, but it was my couch. It'd be like if you went into your childhood bedroom and Joe DiMaggio was sitting there. Yeah, he's Joe DiMaggio, he's a legend, he had sex with Marilyn Monroe, but only you know where the bathroom is. Everyone always wants to know if famous people are nice. Like Mick Jagger. He came in to host the show. My friends were all like, “Is he nice?” No! Or maybe he is… for his version of life. Because he has a very different life. He's Mick Jagger. That's his name. He's played to stadiums of 20,000 people cheering for him like he's a god for 50 years. That must change you as a person. If you do that for 50 years, you're never again going to be like, “Um, does anyone have a laptop charger I could borrow?” None of that bullshit way we all have to talk to get through life.  “Hi. Knock, knock. Sorry.” That's how I walk into rooms. I am 35 years old, I am six feet tall. I lower myself, I go, “Hi. Knock, knock.” I say “knock, knock” out loud. Mick Jagger didn't talk like that. Mick Jagger talked like this. He'd go, “Yes! No! Yes!” I pitched him a joke and he went, “Not funny!”  I mean, people say that on the internet, but never to your face does a British billionaire in leather pants go, “Not funny!” I spent two hours alone with Mick Jagger that week. We were writing song lyrics, it was for a fake song in a comedy sketch. And he was sitting there, and we came to one point and he goes, “All right, ‘Let's all go to the picnic, let's all have a drink.' Let's see, what rhymes with drink?” And I said… “Think?” And Mick Jagger said, “No!”  And then I said, “Sink?” And Mick Jagger said… “Yeah!” And I was like, “Motherfucker, is this how you write songs? Just one word at a time with verbal abuse?” “All right, ‘I can't get no…'” -Happiness? -“No!” -Satisfaction? -“Yeah! All right! Next sentence! Space bar. Indent. Space bar.” Mick Jagger would go like this, “Diet Coke!” And one would appear in his hand. Now that's not nice, right? The way I was raised, you're supposed to say, “May I please have a Diet Coke, please?” And then maybe you will get one. And I bet all of you were taught to say please and thank you. But if all of us could go, “Diet Coke!” and one would appear in our hand, we'd do it all day long. Even if you don't like Diet Coke, you'd just summon 'em so you could chuck 'em at oncoming cars.Famous people are often rude because they're used to getting things really quickly. I bet a lot of us are pretty polite. But as soon as we get things quickly, we start to get ruder and ruder. Look at technology, it's faster than ever and we're ruder than ever. People walk around on the phone now, “Hello? You still there? Lost him.” And that's it. No follow-through with that guy. Fifty years ago, if you were on the telephone with your friend and suddenly the line just went dead, that meant your friend was murdered. The phone used to be a big deal. It was a long, polite process. Back in the 1940s, the phone was like a wood box… with a thing on it. I don't know. It had its own room. You'd go, “That's the phone's room!” And it was expensive. You'd wait all week to make your call. “It's almost Tuesday!” And then you'd take the cup on the string or whatever… There weren't even numbers. You'd just go, “Hello? Anyone?  Anyone in the world?” Then you'd go, “Operator, ring me Neptune 5-117.” And the operator was a real person that you had to be nice to. She'd be like, “One moment, please. I'm putting wires into a board filled with holes to move the voices around, 'cause it is the '40s.” And it took like 90 minutes. Now people just drive around screaming at their phones like… -Call home! -“Calling the mobile for Tom.” Not fucking Tom!  Not funny! Everything was slower back in the old days 'cause they didn't have enough to do, so they had to slow things down to fill the time. I don't know if you read history, but back then people would wake up and go, “God, it's the old times.”  “Shit, I gotta wear all those layers. There's no Zyrtec or nothing. Okay, we gotta… We gotta think of some weird slow activities to fill the day.” And they did. Have you ever seen old film from the past of people just waving at a ship?  What if I called you now to do that? Hey, what are you doing Monday at 10:00 a.m.? All right, there's a Norwegian Cruise Line leaving for Martinique. Here's my plan, you and me get very dressed up, including hats, and then we wave handkerchiefs at it until it disappears over the horizon. No, I don't know anyone on the ship. Everything is too fast now and totally unreasonable. The world is run by computers, the world is run by robots and we spend most of our day telling them that we're not a robot just to log on and look at our own stuff. All day long. May I see my stuff, please?  “I smell a robot. Prove, prove, prove. Prove to me you're not a robot. Look at these curvy letters. Much curvier than most letters, wouldn't you say? No robot could ever read these. You look, mortal, if ye be. You look and then you type what you think you see. Is it an “E” or is it a “3”? That's up to ye. The passwords of past you've correctly guessed, but now it's time for the robot test! I've devised a question no robot could ever answer. Which of these pictures does not have a stop sign in it?” Fucking what?  You spend most of your day telling a robot that you're not a robot. Think about that for two minutes and tell me you don't want to walk into the ocean.I just like old-fashioned things. I was in Connecticut recently, doing white people stuff.  Yeah. One day… Well, it doesn't matter why, but I was sitting in a gazebo, and…  there was a plaque on the gazebo and it said, “This gazebo was built by the town in 1863.” That is in the middle of the Civil War. And the whole town built a gazebo. What was that town meeting like? “All right, everyone, first order of business, we have all the telegrams from Gettysburg with the war dead. Let's see here. Okay, everyone's husband and brother and… everyone died. Okay. Josiah, you had something?” “Yes, I do. How'd you like to be indoors and out of doors all at once? Ever walk into the park with your betrothed and it starts to rain, but you still want to hold hands? Well, may I introduce you to, and my condolences again to everyone, the gazebo!”  Building a gazebo during the Civil War, that'd be like doing stand-up comedy now.  Yes. Thank you for clapping at my political gazebo material. I'm very brave.I've never really cared about politics. Never talked about 'em much. But then, last November, the strangest thing happened.  Now, I don't know if you've been following the news, but I've been keeping my ears open and it seems like everyone everywhere is super-mad about everything all the time. I try to stay a little optimistic, even though I will admit, things are getting pretty sticky. Here's how I try to look at it, and this is just me, this guy being the president, it's like there's a horse loose in a hospital. It's like there's a horse loose in a hospital. I think eventually everything's going to be okay, but I have no idea what's going  to happen next. And neither do any of you, and neither do your parents, because there's a horse loose in the hospital. It's never happened before, no one knows what the horse is going to do next, least of all the horse. He's never been in a hospital before, he's as confused as you are. There's no experts.  They try to find experts on the news. They're like, “We're joined now by a man that once saw a bird in the airport.” Get out of here with that shit! We've all seen a bird in the airport. This is a horse loose in a hospital. When a horse is loose in a hospital, you got to stay updated. So all day long you walk around, “What'd the horse do?” The updates, they're not always bad. Sometimes they're just odd. It'll be like, “The horse used the elevator?”  I didn't know he knew how to do that.  The creepiest days are when you don't hear from the horse at all.  You're down in the operating room like, “Hey, has anyone…”  “Has anyone heard-”  Those are those quiet days when people are like, “It looks like the horse has finally calmed down.” And then ten seconds later the horse is like, “I'm gonna run towards the baby incubators and smash 'em with my hooves. I've got nice hooves and a long tail, I'm a horse!” That's what I thought you'd say, you dumb fucking horse. And then…  Then… Then you go to brunch with people and they're like, “There shouldn't be a horse in the hospital.” And it's like, “We're well past that.” Then other people are like, “If there's gonna be a horse in the hospital, I'm going to say the N-word on TV.” And those don't match up at all. And then, for a second, it seemed like maybe we could survive the horse, and then, 5,000 miles away, a hippo was like, “I have a nuclear bomb and I'm going to blow up the hospital!” And before we could say anything, the horse was like, “If you even fucking look at the hospital, I will stomp you to death with my hooves. I dare you to do it. I want you to do it. I want you to do it so I can stomp you with my hooves, I'm so fucking crazy.” “You think you're fucking crazy, I'm a fucking hippopotamus. I live in a fucking lake of mud. I'm fucking crazy.” And all of us are like, “Okay.” Like poor Andy Cohen at those goddamn reunions. “Okay.” And then, for a second, we were like, “Maybe the horse-catcher will catch the horse.” And then the horse is like, “I have fired the horse-catcher.”  He can do that? That shouldn't be allowed no matter who the horse is. I don't remember that in Hamilton. Sometimes, if you make fun of the horse, people will get upset. These are the people that opened the door for the horse. I don't judge anyone. But sometimes I ask people. I go, “Hey, how come you opened the door for the horse?” And they go, “Well, the hospital was inefficient!”  Or sometimes they go, “If you're so mad at the horse, how come you weren't mad when the last guy did this three and a half years ago? You're beating up on the horse when the last guy essentially did the same thing five years ago.” First off, get out of here with your facts. You're like the kid at the sleepover who, after midnight, is like, “It's tomorrow now!” Get the fuck out of here with your technicalities. Just 'cause you're accurate does not mean you're interesting. That was fun when we watched Beetlejuice tonight. “Don't you mean last night? It's after midnight.” Why don't you get your sleeping bag and get out of my house! Take your EpiPen, take your goddamn EpiPen and get out of my house! But when people say, “How come you were never mad at the last guy?” I say, “Because I wasn't paying attention.” I used to pay less attention before it was a horse. Also, I thought the last guy was pretty smart, and he seemed good at his job, and I'm lazy by nature.  I'm lazy by nature too. So I don't check up on people when they seem okay at their job. You may think that's an ignorant answer but it's not, it's a great answer. If you left your baby with your mother tonight, you're not going to race home and check the nanny cam. But if you leave your baby with Gary Busey… And now there's Nazis again.  When I was a kid Nazis was just an analogy you would use to decimate your child during an argument at the dinner table.  Now there's new Nazis. I don't care for these new Nazis and you may quote me on that. These new Nazis, “Jews are the worst, Jews ruin everything, and Jews try to take over your life.” It's like, “You know what, motherfucker? My wife is Jewish. I know all that, how do you know all that?”  I'm allowed to make fun of my wife. I asked her and she said yes.  I've been married for about three and a half years now -and I was going out on tour… - Thank you very much. And I love and respect my wife very much. So I said to her, “We've been married for three and a half years.” And she knew that. I said, “Do you mind if I still make fun of you on stage? And my wife said, “Yeah, you can make fun of me. But just don't say that I'm a bitch and that you don't like me.” I was like, “The bar is so much lower than I ever imagined. That's it?” Also, I wouldn't say that. What kind of show would that even be? Hello. My wife is a bitch! And I don't like her! That's like a support group for men in crisis, with keynote speakers Jon Voight and Alec Baldwin.  Also, I would never say that, not even as a joke, that my wife is a bitch and I don't like her. That is not true. My wife is a bitch and I like her so much.  She is a dynamite, five-foot, Jewish bitch and she's the best. She and I have totally different styles. When my wife walks down the street, she does not give a shit what anyone thinks of her in any situation. She's my hero. When I walk down the street, I need everybody, all day long, to like me so much. It's exhausting. My wife said that walking around with me is like walking around with someone who's running for mayor of nothing.  My wife and I went to Best Buy to get a TV. We didn't end up getting the TV. I was afraid that the Best Buy guy was going to be mad at me, so I bought an HDMI cable.  I go to the register with Anna, my wife's name Anna, she's standing next to me, I hand the guy the HDMI cable. He takes it, he scans it, he says, “Do you have a Best Buy Rewards card?” And I said, “No, I wish!”  And then my wife said, “Jesus Christ!” And fully walked away from me. Walked all the way to the laser printers and just stood there, Blair Witch style. And I'm still up at the register like…  And the guy goes, “Do you want a Best Buy Rewards card?” And I said, “No.” Even though I had just said it was my greatest wish in life. I was hoping he'd believe me, that it was secretly my great wish but that I'm in an abusive marriage with little Miss Jesus Christ over here so I can't ask for the things I want in public but at home, at night, we argue about it and I'm like, “You'll see! One day I'm going to leave you and I'm going to get that Best Buy Rewards card.” She's like, “Jesus Christ, you're never going to get that Best Buy Rewards card!”My wife is Jewish, as I said, I was raised Catholic. We have differences in our religious upbringings and we realized this recently. Not with our kids, because we don't have any kids. People always ask us, “Are you going to have kids?” and we say no. And then they go, “Never? You're never going to have kids?” Look, I don't know “never.” Fourteen years ago, I smoked cocaine the night before my college graduation. Now I'm afraid to get a flu shot. People change.  But we don't have any kids now and it's great. We have a dog though. We have a four-year-old French bulldog. Her name is Petunia.  The idea of people applauding for that little monster. Just… I mean, I would never tell her that you applauded. It would go right to her ego, that little monster who just rubs her vulva on the carpet while staring at me in the eye.  I know her vulva itches and she needs to rub it, but the thumping of the back paws… It's upsetting. I'm just kidding. I love Petunia very much. She's one of my most favorite people I've ever met in my life. Petunia likes to be very social but she can't walk very far because she has a flat face, so she can't breathe by design. But she wants to go out and meet people but we can't walk her for that long. Anyway, this is a long-winded way of saying that we bought a stroller for our dog.  My wife and I walk around New York City pushing Petunia the French bulldog in a stroller, and it's a big stroller and it has a big black hood. And people lean in to see the baby.  And instead they see a gargoyle breathing like Chris Christie.  Her paws are sweating. We're like, “He's sick.” But religion came up with Petunia recently. My wife and I were talking about cute things that Petunia could be involved in. And I said, “What if we got like a Biblical painting done with Petunia in it?” And my wife is like, “That would be so cute. We should do like The Last Supper.” And I was like, “Oh, my God, that would be so cute. We should do all different French Bulldogs as the different Apostles.” And my wife was like, “We should have Petunia in the middle where Jesus is, in front of the turkey.” And I was like, “Wait, what did you just say?”  “Did you say the turkey?” And my wife said, “Yeah, why?” And I said… I said, “Would you just answer me one question? Do you think that in da Vinci's The Last Supper that Jesus of Nazareth is sitting in front of a turkey?”  And my wife said, “Yes, I do,” and I said, “Thank you for your honesty. Would you just- Just one more follow-up question. So then what do you think they're celebrating?”  “What do you think… those guys are celebrating?” She said, “Okay, I don't get this shit because I wasn't raised Catholic and I'm fucking glad I wasn't because it's a fucked-up organization.” I said, “No. We all know that.”  “But what do you think those guys are celebrating?” And my wife looked at the floor. And then she looked at me and said, “Thanksgiving.” My family went to church every Sunday when I was a kid. My wife cannot believe this. She's like, “You went every Sunday?” -“Yes.” -“What if you were out of town?” I was like, “They have them out of town.” I don't know if you grew up going to church and now you don't, but it can be a weird existence. Because I like to make fun of it all day long, but then if someone like Bill Maher says, “Who would believe in a man up in the sky?” I'm like, “My mommy, so shut the fuck up!”  “Stop calling my mommy dumb.” If you grew up going to church and you have adult friends that didn't, they have a lot of questions. “Wait, so they forced you to go?” Yeah, I was five, I was forced to go everywhere. No kid is just going to church. Riding by on his Huffy, like, “Whoa! What's this place? A weird Byzantine temple with green carpeting where everyone has bad breath and I wear clothes that I hate on one of the mornings of my two days off? Let's do this.”  But people get very suspicious. They're like, “What did they say in there? What do they do? What did they tell you?” I don't know, it was an hour. That should be the slogan for the Catholic church. “It's an hour!” It's a few stories, normally about a guy with a crazy name whose wife has a normal name. “In that town lives Zepheriuses and his wife Rachel.” How come she gets to be Rachel? “On their way to Galilee, Jesus met Enos and Barak and their wives, Kylie and Lauren.” And you're like, “What? That's the same joke twice.” Then there's the homily. If you're not Catholic, the homily is when the priest does a book report that is also stand-up comedy.  It normally begins with a charming anecdote that is fake and never happened. “A woman was at a shopping mall with her young son.” What was the woman's name? Hey, Father, what was the name of the shopping mall? Your story doesn't have a lot of details. You only had a week to work on it and you've had the book for 2,000 years.  And then there's some songs normally sung by an usher. One of these ushers that opens the door for you and gives you the pamphlet and they all look like Marco Rubio.  That guy will get up and sing into the microphone. He's not a singer… 'cause he's not good at it. But he tries. He sings the Psalms. Remember the Psalms? They're not songs 'cause they don't rhyme and they're not good. They're perfectly named, they're not quite songs, they're Psalms. It's a word you're meant to mishear. “I'm gonna sing a Psalm today.” What's that? You're gonna sing a song? “Yeah. It's a Psalm.” And then these guys get up in front of everyone and they're like…  The bread of God is bread   He will bring us bread   No one but the one from Jericho   Can bring bread to bread  And then the guy goes like this.  And that means we're supposed to sing our lines, except we don't know our lines for shit. Where's that pamphlet? Where's that pamphlet they gave us? Move the jackets. Ah-ha-ha!  The bread of bread is bread   Bread is God is bread  It's just dads singing so loud, thinking that'll somehow get their kids to sing.  Bread is God is bread   Is God is bread   Is God is bread…  “Sing, goddamn it!” My dad once grabbed me by the shirt and lifted me up during church and said, “God can't hear you.”  Goodnight, New York. Thank you very much.    
Thank you very much. Thank you very much. That's so nice of you, I hope you're having a good week, thank you for being here! I, uh, am doing well myself. In a couple days I'm gonna turn 29 years old and I'm very excited about that. I was hoping, uh, by now that I would look older but that didn't happen.I don't look older, I just look worse, I think. Honestly, when I'm walking down the street, no one's ever like, “Hey, look at that man!” I think they're just like “Whoa! That tall child looks terrible!”   “Get some rest, tall child! You can't keep burning the candle at both ends!”You ever seen on “America's Most Wanted” when they age a photo of someone? Just take my kindergarten photo and yellow the teeth and put bags under the eyes and be like “This is what he would look like now” I was a very nervous kid, I was very anxious all the time when I was younger. But what's nice is that… some of the things I was anxious about don't bother me at all anymore. Like, uhhh, I always thought that, uh, quicksand was gonna be a much bigger problem than it turned out to be.Because if you watch cartoons, quicksand is like the third biggest thing you have to worry about in adult life, behind real sticks of dynamite  and giant anvils falling on you from the sky I used to sit around and think about what to do about quicksand! I never thought about how to handle real problems in adult life. I was never like, “Oh, what's it gonna be like when relatives ask to borrow money?”  Now I've gotten older, and not only have I never stepped in quicksand, I've never even heard about it! No one's ever been like,  “Ey, if you're comin' to visit, take I-90 ‘cause I-95 has a little quicksand in the middle.  Looks like regular sand, but then you're gonna start to sink into it.” I was nervous all the time, but I had a good family, I have wonderful parents. A lot of guys my age I'll hear them say this, they'll go,  “Every day I think I'm becoming more like my dad”. I think I'm becoming more like my mom? Because I- I was watching that show “Access Hollywood” and one of the reporters said,  “Up next, we've got an exclusive interview with Sandra Bullock's former husband Jessie James,” and out loud, I went,  “Euch! This oughta be good!”That's pure mom.My parents are both lawyers, they are BOTH lawyers, and sometimes they would be like lawyers with us when we were kids. I remember one time I was in bed, and my dad came in and he said “Good night, John! Did you brush your teeth?” and I said, “Yes”, But here's the thing.   I hadn't. But who cares? I didn't have, like, a job interview or anything. So my dad comes back and in a couple minutes holding my toothbrush  He says, “John, is this your toothbrush?” and I said “Yes”, and he said,  “So we agree that this is your toothbrush?”But he said, “John this toothbrush is  bone-dry.” Yea, like he looked down and he said  “bone-dry”. He said, “You lied to me!” and I said “Dad,  I did not lie, I said that I brushed my teeth, I never specified that I brushed my teeth tonight!  And if the court reporter reads back my remarks, you will see that I did not perjure myself.”My mom's also a lawyer, she was a different kind of lawyer with us when we were kids. My mom was more like Nancy Grace. She would just make wild accusations all day long and wait for something to stick. My mom would blame me for things that happened on the news.  That is true.I woke up one morning when I was a kid and my mom was standing over my bed and said,  “I just heard that Princess Diana and her lover Dodi Al-Fayed have been killed in Paris”Like I had something to do with it! I was like,  “Mom, I have been here all night. You can feel the TV, it's warm.” Luckily, I had a good alibi since I was in Wisconsin and 12.My brothers and sisters and I had this babysitter named Veronica when we were kids, and I was  in love with her. I was in love with Veronica. She would babysit us on Saturday nights. And in my head, when I was a little kid, I thought that Veronica was like 25, 30 years old. I was just talking to my mom the other week, I found out that when I was 10 Veronica was 13.So why was she in charge? All she could do was dial the telephone a little better than I could.13 when I'm 10? That's just like hiring a slightly bigger child. That would be like if you're going out of town for the week and you paid a horse to watch your dog.Like,  “All right, here is the number where we'll be,  and here's where we keep the dog food,  and you're a horse.”    “Shh shh shh shh shh, shh shh shh, shh shh” Why do people do that? People always shush animals. They'll go,   “Hey, shh shh shh…”  They've never spoken.I always wanted to live in New York when I was a kid, I'm so excited that I get to live in New York. I saw New York City in a movie when I was a kid, it was called Home Alone 2: Lost in New York. It is a sequel,  Yeah, how about that movie? It was a sequel to the movie Home Alone. I remember in that movie - oh, the kid in Home Alone 2. He gets into a stretch limousine on 5th avenue with a large cheese pizza and I thought,  “THIS IS THE HEIGHT OF LUXURY!!”Now I live in New York and I'm psyched,  but that is a stupid movie title.  Lost in New York? The streets are numbered. How'd you get lost in New York? I know it's kind of stupid to complain about a movie that came out 17 years ago, but I wasn't a comedian back then. So I have to do it now. I wish I'd been. I wish I'd been a Def Jam comic when that movie came out.  I would have torn it to pieces! Be like,  “You seen this shit? You seen this Home Alone 2: Lost in New York shit? It's a grid system, motherfucker!   Where you at? 24th and 5th? Where you wanna go? 35th and 6th? 11 up and 1 over, you simple bitch!!”That'd be my big joke. That'd be the closer. If I was a Def Jam comic when that movie came out.  But alas, I was not. I think the bullying that young people have to go through now is really rough, I really sympathize, ‘cause I was bullied when I was a kid. When I was in grade school, I was bullied for being Asian-American. Aaaand, the biggest problem with that… is that I am not Asian-American. But when I was younger,  and this is absolutely true, people thought that I might be Asian-American.  I have pretty thin eyes, I had very thin eyes when I was a little kid  and I had straight black hair that I wore in a bowl cut. And from the ages of 3 to 8, people thought that I might be a young Chinese person.On the first day that he met me, the guy that is now my best friend - he met me the first day of kindergarten - he went home that night and said, “Papa, today I met a boy with no eyes.”   And that was me.Kids would make fun of me in middle school. Kids would call me a “china man”, which of the racial slurs has got to be the laziest.  That is just pushing two words together,  no work was done there. It was very confusing to me because I'm not Chinese, no one in my family is remotely Asian. I mean, we take our shoes off when we come inside, but that was more of a carpeting thing that anything else. Here's how bad it got, though… I remember when I was in junior high, we had this music appreciation class that we never appreciated. And they took us to hear some classical music once at a symphony orchestra. So we go to a symphony orchestra. In one of these classical pieces, there is a moment where they  bang a gong, and every time they banged the gong, all the kids sitting in front of me would stand up, turn to me,  and bow like that.  Which is some racist-ass bullshit, but also  incredibly well coordinated for a group of 13-year-olds.13-year-olds are the meanest people in the world. They terrify me to this day. If I'm on the street on like a Friday at 3 PM  and I see a group of 8th graders on one side of the street  I will cross to the other side of the street.  Because 8th graders will make fun of you,  but in an accurate way. They will get to the thing that you don't like about you. They don't even need to look at you for long, they'll just be like,  “Ha ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha!  Hey, look at that high-waisted man! He got feminine hips!”And I'm like,  “No!! That's the thing I'm sensitive about!!!!”  When I was a boy, I was also confused with a woman sometimes over the phone, because before I went through puberty, I had a voice like a  little flute! I was once on the telephone with Blockbuster Video, which is a very old-fashioned sentence. And -  It is! I was on the telephone with Blockbuster Video… that's like when your gram would be like  “We'd all go play jacks down at the soda fountain!”  and you're like,  “No one knows what you're talking about, you IDIOT.” You know how you talk to your grandma?  So…   I was on the phone with Blockbuster, and I'd called them a couple of times in one day to ask about a movie, and I called for a third time. I said,  “Hey, yeah, I-I was just calling to see if you had Addams Family Values yet,”  and the guy at Blockbuster went,  “Hey lady! I'll tell you when we get Addams Family Values!!” But look, I wasn't offended as a boy being confused with a lady, I was offended as a lady who was getting pushed around by this chauvinist asshole that works at  Blockbuster video, talking to me like I'm some floozy…  I am a proud Asian-American woman  and you will treat me with respect!  I am a tiger mom! Now when people make fun of me, I deserve it. Uhh, I do.  When people get mad at me now, it's my fault, when people get mad at me on the highway that's all my bad, I'm a terrible driver, I know nothing about cars.  I meant to learn about cars, and then I forgot. Nothing that I know can help you with your car ever. Unless you're like, uh,  “Hey I've got a flat tire, does anyone here know a lot about The Cosby Show?” and then I could be like  “Oh, perhaps I could be of some assistance.”I'm one of the worst drivers I've ever seen, and I just want you all to know that if you're ever on the highway behind me, uh,  I hear you honking and I also don't want me to be doing what I'm doing.  I don't like that I'm in that lane either, and I sure would like to get out of it! I was on the highway in Texas recently which was like a highway filled with 13-year-olds.  And I was in the far left lane and then it turned into a U-turn only lane and I started to make a U-turn   but then I panicked because I didn't wanna make a U-turn! So I put the car in reverse  and then merged right back onto the highway  The best thing about that was that after that, cars were pulling up and  looking over to see who just did that piece of shit move,  expecting to see like  a 100-year-old blind dog who's texting while driving and drinking a smoothie, instead they see a 28-year-old healthy man trying his best. It's wrong to make fun of people, you know, but it's so fun sometimes.  I've written for some TV shows, and, you know, on a major TV show you have to be careful about what you say about people ‘cause a lot of people get offended, or so it has been explained to me.I was once - I'll tell you this, I was writing for an awards show once, and I got into some trouble. I wrote a joke for this awards show that had the word “midget” in it. And someone from the network came down to our offices and he said to me, “Hey, you can't put the word midget on TV,” and I said  “I sure would like to!” And he said,  “No! ‘Midget' is as bad as the ‘n'-word.” First off, no.  No, it's not! “Do you know how I know it's not,” I said to him, “is because  we're saying the word ‘midget', and we're not even saying what the ‘n'-word is! If you're comparing the badness of two words, and you won't even say one of them…  that's the worse word.”  Also, I don't mean to gloss over what, like, little people have been through in this country, but you cannot compare the plight of midgets to African-Americans. That is outrageous! Midgets were never enslaved,  unless you count the Wonka factory! So we get into this argument, we're going back and forth, he goes  “You can't put that word on TV,”  and I said, “I want to,” and he said  “If you put that word on TV, there could be a protest of midgets on this building!”  and I said, “Promise?”  How tempting would that be?I don't mean to complain about censorship at all though, because as you probably have seen by now, you can basically say whatever you want on television. It's ridiculous. You can say anything you want! And if you don't believe me, you should watch a little program called Law and Order: Special Victims Unit.  Yeah. A show that I LOVE, because on that show you can say the grossest things you've ever heard in your life. No, you can't say like the “f”-word, you can't say that on Special Victims Unit, but people walk around on SVU going like,  “Looks like the victim had anal contusions.   Yo, looks like we found semen and fecal matter in the victim's ear canal.” Those are two real things that I heard on Law and Order: SVU at 3 in the afternoon,  both spoken by Ice-T.  Ice-T is a detective with the special victims unit, he handles New York's most sensitive cases.I love Ice-T on SVU. He is fantastic, he's awesome. What's so great about him is that he's been with the SVU for like, mmm, 11 years now, but he still treats every case like it's his first in terms of total confusion.  Sometimes they'll be in the middle of an investigation and Ice-T will be like,  “Yo, you telling me this dude gets off on little girls with pigtails?” It's like,  “Yeah, Ice.  He's a pedophile. You work in the sex crimes division. You're gonna have to get used to that.” You know how they try and tie in, like, current events to every episode of SVU?  So there was this episode I saw a while ago that was about sex addiction, ‘cause a lot of celebrities have come out as sex addicts. So the episode's about sex addiction. There is a scene in the episode where the other detectives are trying to teach Ice-T what sex addiction is,  and it takes a couple of minutes. And finally, Ice-T gets it,  and they cut to him in this close-up and he goes,  “Oh, I get it.  You mean like when someone drinks too much, or snorts cocaine, or bets the house on the ponies?” I was like, “Yeah you got it, man.”  And I was psyched that Ice-T understood so that they could continue with the investigation, but I could've watched another four hours of Ice-T just naming examples.  Just that close-up and Ice-T like,  “Or like when some smokes too many cigarettes? Or like when someone shops too much with credit cards? Or like when someone plays too many scratchy lotteries? Or like when someone eats too much chocolate cake? Or like when someone eats too much chocolate cake and then barfs it up?” And he would just keep talking and it would slowly fade out and say  “Executive Producer: Dick Wolf.”  That'd be my ideal episode. That'd be a good one.I saw this SVU a little while ago, I saw this episode of SVU, and Dean Cain was a rapist…  ON THE SHOW.  And there was a scene where they do a line-up with Dean Cain and four other guys and they bring in this woman who's gonna look at the line-up, and it's her behind the glass and they open the curtain  and she's standing with the two other detectives.  And I knew she wasn't gonna say this, but part of me was hoping she would just be like…  “Is that… Dean Cain?   Fucking Dean Cain?  That's pretty cool.”I also watch this show called Cold Case Files. On Cold Case Files, they solve old murders, and it's really interesting ‘ cause what I learned from it is that it was really easy to get away with murder before they knew about DNA. It was ridiculously easy. Like, what was even going on back then? What was a murder investigation like in 1935?? One cop would just walk in and be like,  “Detective!  We found a pool of the killer's blood in that hallway!” and he would just be like  “Hmmm… gross!  Mop it up. Now then, back to my hunch…  Hmmmmmm…. Look for clues.  I'll tell you what we'll do!  We'll draw chalk around the body is. That way,  we'll know where it was…” A couple years ago, I saw this movie called Public Enemies with Johnny Depp, it was about old bank robbers and stuff. Here's how easy it was to get away with bank robbery back in the 30's. As long as you weren't still there when the police arrived, you had a 99 percent chance of getting away with it. To the point that, like, those old bank robbers, they take credit for the bank robberies! Like, they come running out of there and they're like  “Ha ha ha! And if anyone asks, you tell em it was Golden Joe and the Suggins Gang!”  And then they like shoot “Suggins” into the side of the wall. It's like, what, were bullets free back then? And they don't even disguise themselves!  They dress up for the bank robbery. They're rolling in there in, like,  big suits and hats like they're going to church in Atlanta. They make a day of it!   I don't know about that.   Oh ho ho! Oh good, it has a mind of its own.   That's very reassuring. No, no no no…  I don't like robots…  thinking of things.  Hope you don't mind that I dressed up. It was my first communion today so I decided to come right from it.  I was a very good first communicant.Thank you for coming to this show by the way, I really do apprecaite you coming to a thing because you didn't have to, and it's really easy not to go to things.  It is so much easier not to do things than to do them, that you would do anything is totally remarkable.  Percentage-wise, it is 100 percent easier not to do things than to do them.  And so much fun not to do them! Especially when you are supposed to do them. In terms of, like, instant relief, cancelling plans is like heroin.  It is an amazing feeling. Such instant joy.Kids don't like that. Kids always wanna do stuff. Kids get angry, they go,  “Aw, we didn't do anything ALL DAY.” You ever ask an adult what they did over the weekend and they say they didn't do anything, their faces light up. Be like, “What'd you do this weekend?”  “I, um, I did nothing.  I did nothing at all.  Did we do anything?  No, I didn't do anything.” People especially don't wanna do their jobs. I've found that out recently too. I have a friend named Megan, she's an elementary school teacher and I was out with her one night and she was drinking like a monster. And I said to her,  “Don't you have to do a shift at school tomorrow?” And she went,  “Ahh, I'll just show a video.” And I was like,  “That's why teachers show videos?”  She said this, she goes,  “Yeah, I don't wanna work!” And I was like, “You know the kids don't wanna work either” and she was like  “Good!” I, uh, really do - I was psyched to do it in New York. Uhh, I'm really happy to live here and was glad that we could do it in New York City. And, uh, I'm not sure how you all got here tonight, um, but I did wanna say this, I've never been, uh, killed by hit men so I don't know what it's like in the moments just before you're killed by hit men, but I bet it's not unlike when you're on the subway and you realize that a mariachi band is about to start playing.  Just that brief moment where you're reading and you're like  “Oh, a guitar player.  Oh, another guitar player.  Oh, an accordion player -  OOOHH NNNOOOOO”     This is the loudest thing in the world!  Uh, I was really excited a lot of people, uh, showed up. They told me that it was a big theater and I thought that no one would come. So thank you for coming. I wanted to, like, take ads out in the paper. Like, be - you know, do something to a tot so I get in the New York Post or something. Uhh, the New York Post is my favorite newspaper. I think it's great, I read it every day. I like reading the New York Post because reading the New York Post is like talking to someone who heard the news, and now they're trying to give you the gist.  It's like, you'd get the same amount of information if you grabbed someone on the street and you were like,  “WHAT HAPPENED TODAY?” and they're like,  “There's a perv in Queens!” You'd be like,  “All right, thank you.” Or rather, it's like someone read a better newspaper and now they're trying to text you everything they can remember.   Doesn't have to be right, just has to be short. I really do love the Post, I read it a lot and there's a hierarchy in the New York Post. Uh, different people that they like  and different people that they don't like.  Uh, and if you pay attention,  you can start to identify some of the rankings that they have.Um, the number one thing that you can be  in the eyes of the New York Post is an angel. An angel is a child who has died. That is the best thing that you can be in the eyes of the New York Post. The less amount of time you live, the better… in the eyes of the Post.After that,  under an angel is a hero.  A hero is any man who does his job.  You'll a lot of times see headlines that are like,  “Hero Tutor Teaches After School,” and you're like  “Yeah.”   Down towards the bottom of the spectrum, there are pervs. Pervs touch tots,  tots are angels who haven't died yet.   There are no children in the eyes of the New York Post.  You're either a tot  or you're dead and you're an angel.  I did leave one out, sorry.  Above perv is a bozo.  A bozo is any man who cheats on his wife.  That guy's a bozo! I remember seeing a headline when Tiger Woods cheated on his wife and it says  “Tiger says he's sorry, but Elin says  ‘Beat it, bozo!'”  No, she did not.  She is from another country. And even if she was from this country, no one has said “bozo” in 1,000 years. Who was your source on that, New York Post? Some tiny old lady that chain smokes all day long? They met her in a parking garage and they were like  “Madge, give us the scoop! What did Elin say to Tiger?”  “Eh, she told him to ‘beat it, bozo.'” I'm feeling good tonight though, I got a massage recently. Went to a spa to get a massage,  I went into the room to get the massage and the woman there told me to undress to my comfort level. Those were her words, she said,  “I'm gonna leave the room, you undress to your comfort level.”  So I put on a sweater and a pair of corduroy pants, and I felt safe. I'm trying to, in general, take better care of myself. I'm trying to stop smoking, I've smoked since I was 13 years old. I started when I was 13 years old ‘cause I stole 2 cigarettes  from my older sister and I hid them in a shoebox under my bed with a copy of Cosmopolitan Magazine.  And one day, my mom cleaned under my bed, and she  found the shoebox. I came home from school and my mom was standing there holding it and she said,  “Hey mister! I found your treasure!”  And I never liked the way she phrased that, you know, ‘cause that made me sound like the world's lamest pirate. Like, a guy whose treasure chest is two cigarettes and a woman's magazine.  And my dad came home from work, and my mom told my dad that she had cleaned under my bed and found a shoebox with two cigarettes and a Cosmopolitan to which prompted my dad to ask,  “How does John know how to make a cosmopolitan?” I'm trying to eat better. I was out to lunch with a friend and I got a chicken sandwich and the waitress said to me,  “Oh, you're getting a chicken sandwich! Well that comes with a choice of either salad or fries.” Those were the choices - salad or fries, the two most different foods in the universe.  That's like saying, “What kinda day do you wanna have?  Do you wanna be active and go to the bathroom and stuff, or  do you wanna lay on the floor moaning?”   “Oh, you're getting a chicken sandwich? Well with that, you can either  go for a jog or smoke crack cocaine.”   “Oh, huh, well…  if I get a plate of crack for the table,  would you have some? You'd have crack if I got a plate of crack? Yeah, okay, yeah we'll take an order of crack.”  Sometimes when people order fries,  they act like it's a little adventure. They'll be like,  “Should we get a plate of fries for the table?  Should we do it? Should we-should we share some fries?   They gotta make sure that everyone's onboard with it, it's like  “If I get fries, you'll have a couple, right? If I get fries for the table, you'll have -  I know you'll have fries if I get fries - should we do it? Yeah, let's be bad! C'mon, let's do it, all right,  we're gonna take a plate of fries!”  It's like a group of couples agreeing to do ecstasy together. I have a girlfriend now, uh, myself, which is weird because I'm probably gay based on the way I act and behave and…  have walked and talked for 28 years.   I think I was supposed to be gay. I think, like, in Heaven they built, like, three quarters of a gay person and then they forgot to flip the final switch, and they just  sent me out and it was like,  “You marked that one gay, right?” and it was like,  “Oh no! Was I supposed to?”  and they were like,  “Oh man, well this'll be a very interesting person.   This'll be a very silly person.” I was definitely gay when I was a little boy.  A lot of little boys are gay. You know, they're very  flowy and they have  very hard opinions on things.  I don't mean that I was a sexually active gay man when I was a little boy, that's not what I mean. When I was a little boy, I was more like a 67-year-old gay man  that's kind of over it sexually, you know. I was just like an old queen, I would just come out of the recess yard and be like,  “Everyone get outta my way,  I just wanna sit here and feed my birds.”  The gym teacher would tell me to play kickball and I'd be like,  “You want me to do whaaaat?”  Real quick, this happened pretty recently, I was in a restaurant near here in the West Village and I was at the urinal  and an old gay man came in the bathroom with a walker like this  and he said this to me, he went,  “I'm either having a drink or I have to pee, you're livin' the golden years, kid, not me,”  like, he spoke in rhymes, it was crazy.  It was such a weird interaction that I wasn't sure if it actually happened. I came out of the bathroom and I asked my girlfriend, I was like,  “Did you see, like, an old man follow me in the bathroom?” and she was like  “John,  that bathroom's been closed for forty years!   Whooooooaaaa!!! Whoooooooaaaaaa!!!! Where was I? I'm not gay, but I might be, and I have a girlfriend, aaand she's a female person.   It's going very well, I love her very much, and so a few months ago she was like,  “Okay, it's going well, so now I should meet your parents.” Because that what people do when a relationship is going well. They meet each other's parents, and I've never understood that. I've never been with my girlfriend and thought like,  “Oh, honey, tonight is going great, but do you know what would make it perfect?  Charles and Ellen Mulaney.  Come on!  Let's get them in the mix. We've been going pretty hot and heavy lately, I think it's time we bring in two older Catholic people.” My girlfriend's a female and I had all these friends that were female. So when I started dating her I was like “oh great, they'll all get along… no.” Not even a little at the beginning. I don't want to make any generalizations about women because I don't know shit about women, but if there is one thing I've learned in my personal experience is that I think women can be friends with each other,  but I think it can be tricky sometimes when you force women to hang out with each other. I think that sometimes doesn't work.Like, I don't think that you could ever put together a heist with women. Does that make sense? Oceans eleven with women would never work! Cause' two would keep breaking off and start talking shit about the other nine. Or not even talk shit, just say weird passive aggressive things while they break into the casino.Just be like: “aww, I love how you just wear anything.”My girlfriend is wonderful though. I listen to everything my girlfriend says. I don't mean she bosses me around, I just listen to everything she says because before I had a girlfriend, I never had someone whose always standing next to me  who can just point out obvious things that are happening.Like we'll be in a restaurant and my girlfriend will be like: “you ordered your food an hour ago. It should be here by now” and I'm like “yeahhh it should!” It's like having a lawyer for everyday life. She'll be like: “the bus driver shouldn't talk to you in that way” and I'm like: “no he shouldn't!” . Before I had a girlfriend, I had no standard of how I should be treated as a human being. You could do anything to me and I was just like a young Motown singer. I was like shiny and dumb and easy to trick. I'm like : “aww man, you're gonna give me a whole hundred dollas for all of my songs? Where do I sign Mr. Berry Gordy?”And now when I'm not with my girlfriend you can still do anything to me. I can tolerate any treatment.Like I try to travel alone sometimes you know and I'll put up with anything. Like ill book a ticket on some garbage airline. You know I don't want to name any actual airline so lets just make one up and so lets just call it delta airlines. So I've got my ticket at “Delta Airlines” and I show up at the airport. “Can I get on the plane now please ?” And their like : “NO! ITS BEEN DELAYED 9 HOURS! ” and I go “Okayyy” and I go to the bathroom. Then I come out of the bathroom and I go: “any updates?” and they go: “yeah, we took off while you were in the bathroom. BECAUSE WE HATE YOU. Now take this meal voucher that doesn't work, GO! FETCH! .” And I go: “Okayyyyy” and I go over to the Wolfgang puck express and am like: “Can I have a sandwich please?” and they go: “NOOOOOOOOO!” and I go: “Okayyyyyy” and they go: “You're a little fat girl aren't you?” and I go: “noooo! Noooo!” and they go: “Say it!' and I go: “I'm a little fat girl.” And then I go over to the Delta help desk, which is an oxymoron and I go: “Can I please go home on an airplane?” and they go: “Nooooo! In fact, we're gonna frame you for murder! And you're gonna go to jail for 30 years!” and I go: “Why are you doing this to me?” and they go: “Because we're Delta Airlines: life is a fucking nightmare!” But with my girlfriend she would be like: “Let's see if Southwest has any flights?” So it's better… My girlfriend is a Jewish woman, which is I did on purpose.  Uhhhh, that sounded creepy. I don't mean like: “ahhh I got one!” I mean I… I… I'm not Jewish, but I've always liked Jewish people. I just like them a lot. And I really like dating Jewish women. They're great! Because I think what a lot of people have in relationships is communication cause guys don't know what women are thinking. And with Jewish women you don't have to guess what they are thinking. They will tell you. Yeah, this is going to get playfully anti-Semitic so just allow it to go there. Ill get in trouble, you wont. I really do mean this though I… I really admire that Jewish people, in my own personal experience, have, are very up front with their feelings. They're very… they're very vocal about their thoughts and feelings and I just think that's really admirable.You know, I'm Irish, and Irish people wont tell you a thing. Irish people keep it so bottled up you know? Like the thing with Irish people is: “I'll just keep all my emotions right here and then one day, I'll die.” Like in Ireland it's like: “oh your boy, he died.” And it's like: “Alright bury the boy, do it bury the boy. Burry the boyyyyy.”  Irish people don't want comfort. Look at a sweater made in Ireland. Its like a turtleneck made out of “Brillo” pads. I used to date gentile women and… … … I dated this girl she used to stare out the window all day long and I'm like, what's wrong ? And she'd be like: “you wouldn't even understand if I told you.”  What the fuck am I supposed to do with that?!? My Jewish girlfriend and I don't have to guess what's wrong! She comes in the room and… and then we can move on from there. That's what I mean. She's very focused. She's very in the moment, you know. And that's a good thing in a significant other. She's very present. Jews don't daydream,  ‘cause folks are after ‘em and they gotta stay sharp, you know what I mean? They have to be there. They haven't let their minds wander since Egypt. They just stay sharp. They go : “Who's that? Who are you? What's that? What's that over there? Don't do that!” “I'm Irish… I keep things very bottled up, and I don't drink. Which is not what you're supposed to do when you're Irish. I don't drink. I used to drink and then I drank too much and I had to stop. That surprises a lot of audiences because I don't look like someone who used to do anything.  I look like I was just sitting in a room in a chair eating Saltines for like 28 years and then I walked right out here. But I did, I used to drink a lot and then I stopped. I don't know if anyone here is thinking about quitting drinking but you need to know 2 things if you're thinking of quitting drinking.The first is that when you stop drinking and you still go to parties where people are drinking, they will have no idea what to offer you. Like once people start drinking for the night, they forget everything that isn't alcohol. Like ill show up at a party and they'll be like: “ Hey everybody! Alright we got Coronas in the fridge and Oh! Hey! Mulaney! Would you like, like an old turnip we found in the cabinet? Would that be good for you? Would you like that? . I know you don't drink . Or my girlfriend left a Nuva Ring in the fridge, would you want that?  I know you don't drink!” Also if you quit drinking you're about to lose the greatest excuse in your life, which is :“I'm really sorry about last night. I was just too drunk…” That is a get out of jail free card that you don't even realize you've had until you lose it. I can't say that anymore. I can never be like: “Sorry about last night, I was just so drunk.” Now I have to be like: “I'm really sorry about last night, it's just that I'm mean and loud,  it probably will happen again.” Now I, myself - I quit drinking ‘cause I used to drink too much and then I would black out and I would “ruin parties”… or so I'm told.  When you do that enough, you black out drinking and you do crazy things, you kind of become like Michael Jackson. Like any story anyone says about you might be true and  even you don't know by the end. I saw an interview with Michael Jackson before he died and they were like: “Is it true you bought the elephant man's bones? And he was like: “I don't know!” Ya know, cause how could he keep track of that? So I would hear stories about myself. Here's a story I once heard about me. I guess I was 20 and I was at a party at someone's house and I had blacked out drinking, and someone came out of one of the rooms at this party holding like an old antique bottle with some liquid in it, and they said, “Hey, is this whiskey or perfume?” And apparently I grabbed it, drank all of it, “ and said : “It's perfume.” And it was.Another story I heard about myself - this one happened in high school. Uh, We had this teacher in high school whose kid went to our high school. His name was Mr. McNamara and his son Jake McNamara went to our high school. He was a sophomore when I was a senior. So he was two years behind me. And Mr. McNamara was an asshole. And one weekend, he and his wife decided to leave town, which you should never do IF YOU'RE AN ASSHOLE!  And Jake McNamara decided to throw a party at the teacher's house.  Hooray! And everyone around town heard about it and we all got up individually and thought, “Okay, let's go over there and destroy the place.”I walked into this party. Everyone I had even met was at this party, and everyone was drinking like it was the end of the world.  People were drinking like it was the civil war and a doctor was coming to saw our legs off. It was totally unsupervised; we were like dogs without horses… we were running wild. I walked down  I walked down to the basement, they had a pool table in the basement. One dude took a running start and threw his body onto the pool table and broke it in half. Another kid found out which room was Mr. McNamara's and went upstairs and took a shit ON HIS COMPUTER! So the party was going great .I'm standing in the basement, and I'm holding a red cup you've seen in movies. And I'm standing there and I'm holding a red cup and I'm starting to black out and I guess someone said like “something something police.” and in a brilliant moment of word association, I YELLED “FUCK DA POLICE! FUCK DA POLICE!” . And everyone else joined in, 100… drunk… white… children yelling “Fuck da police” with the confidence of guys who have already been to jail and aren't afraid of it anymore. You know, like the: “I served my nickel! You come and take me!” confidence, but white children. The reason someone had said “something something police” was because the police were there. So a Chicago police officer walked down the stairs and got to the bottom in the basement and looked out over a sea of drunk toddlers YELLING: “FUCK THE POLICE” In his face. He was almost impressed. He was like  “WOW.” And then he leaned into his walkie-talkie and my friend john, who is now a father - this man now has a baby - he grabbed a 40, smashed it on the ground and yelled: “SCATTER!!”And everyone ran in a different direction. We all ran in different directions. It was like that scene in “Ratatouille” when the humans come in the kitchen and all the rats go in different ways. We all ran in different directions, I ran into the laundry room and I jumped up on the washing machine and I crawled out through a window into the backyard and now I'm running through the backyard and there was this big chain link fence and I thought I've never climbed a fence that high before. And then I woke up at home .On Monday, I went to school, cause that's what we did back then.  And I'm walking into the school building and who do I see but Jake McNamara. And he says to me “hey, were you at my party on Saturday?” and I was like: “No” you know, like a liar . And he said things really got out of hand: “Someone broke the pool table, someone took a shit on my dad's computer, But the worst thing” he says - “the worst thing is that someone stole these old antique photos of my grandmother and my parents are freaking out about it.” and I had that thought that only blackout drunks and Steve Urkel can have : “Did I do that?”I figured no, I would never do that. I was never sure until two years later … relax. I'm playing video games with this kid named Alex that we also went to high school with. Two years later, we've graduated by now. We're playing video games for a couple hours, and then Alex says to me, “Hey, come here. I want to show you something.” And he takes me into his bedroom and then he takes me into a side room off of his bedroom. Never a good thing to have. And he shows me a tiny room that is covered wall to wall in stolen antique photos from different people's parties over the years. And I said: “Why? Why do you do this?” and Alex said “Cause it's the one thing you can't replace.”  That's the end of that story but how fucked up is that? That's crazy! So I don't drink anymore… and its weird you know? I miss it sometimes because drinking can kind of calm your nerves and I live in New York now and sometimes you can see things that will make you anxious you'll see troubling things out on the street. I was coming into my apartment building one night and I saw in front of my building a wheel chair, knocked in its side with no one in it. That's a bad thing to see. Something happened there… you hope it was a miracle… but probably not… probably something worse. And I don't like argument, some people like to argue, you know? They think it's like an art. And I don't like it, I think its because really ordinary arguments can get really dramatic really quickly. Like I was talking to a friend recently, and I told him I didn't think I believed in the death penalty, and my friend said to me: “oh, so you're telling me, that if you saw Hitler… walking down the street… you wouldn't kill him?”  That wasn't what I was telling you, but alright, lets talk about this entirely new topic. What would I do if I saw  Adolph Hitler  just walking down the street? Well first off I wanted to know what did my friend mean? Did he mean I see a guy in like the military outfit with the little moustache, cause then I would assume that's someone dressed up as Hitler.  I'm not gonna kill that guy. I'm not gonna kill an actor and ruin Indiana Jones 5 just cause I don't understand costumes. Or does he mean I'm walking down the street and I see like an old old man who I think might be Hitler based on my memory of what Hitler looks like. I'm not gonna kill that guy either, because I am often wrong. Id murder him and people would be like: “Woah! You just killed an old old man! ” and Id be like: “he looked like Hitler!” and they're like: “Yeah, a little…” I have a lot of strange interactions on the street. Years ago, I was walking down the street and a homeless guy came up to me. And he walked up to me he pushed me like that , he pushed me in the chest. And then he said these things in this order. He pushed me and he said : “Excuse me, I am homeless, I am gay, I have aids, I'm new in town.”  You're gonna close with “New in town?” that is not the most dramatic thing you just said. As they said in the movie Jerry McGuire: “You had me at AIDS.” Here's how I would've ordered those things, I would've said: “Excuse me, I'm new in town, and it gets worse.” Didn't that guy practice his like pitch at all in the mirror that morning and just figure out what he was gonna say? Ya know in the morning ya know just be like : “Alright now what am I gonna do today, what am I gonna do tonight? Imma walk up and say hello, no that's too subtle imam push him. Imma push him. And I'm gonna say I'm new in town, no no hold back hold back. Save it. Build to that. I'm about to walk up to him, imma push him and go I HAVE AIDSSSS, no that's too strong… alright.  imam walk up to him, push him and start with the fact that I am homeless, as that is a given. Then for back story I will pepper in the fact that I am gay.” Which I know its tough for gay youth on the street, but that's not like a reason for money. You cant be like, hey would you help me out I'm very gay? Like a few dollars… I always love how he phrased it by the way. He never mentioned living on the street, he said I'm new in town, like it was intriguing. Like he wanted me to set him up with somebody. Like I have a friend whose like: “There's no single guys  left in Manhattan.” And I'm like: “I know someone whose new in town.” “What are 3 other things about him?” Just too anxious for a lot of things, I get nervous all the time, not even about like major life things, just about like everyday situations. Like this is my regular speaking voice, but if I'm in a pubic bathroom and someone knocks too suddenly on the door or stall door, I go into a whole different speaking voice. Which is “Eh, someone's in hereee. Someone's in hereee. ” so they're gonna be like: “I think there is a carnival barker in there. I think someone's trying to drum up business for a carnival.”I decided to do something about this anxiety recently. I decided I was gonna try and get a Xanax prescription. I don't know if anyone here has ever tried Xanax, but its fantastic  very muted claps for Xanax. You don't really get woos, its more like yeahhhhhhhhhhhhh. I didn't know how to get a Xanax prescription though, drugs like that a tricky sometimes, but I talked to a friend of mine and he said oh yeah, I did this. He said that he had a regular doctor's appointment and at the end of it he said to his doctor: “Hey doctor, sometimes I get nervous on airplanes.” And the doctor just wrote him a Xanax prescription. And I'm like yeah, that's the type of lowbrow shit I'm looking for. Ill take your advice, friend I've never listened to before. So I go to a clinic, and I go in and I'm just going to go in for you know a regular type of check up and at the end, I'll ask about Xanax. So I get to the front desk, and they have a “why are you here sheet.” And I wanna pick something that will get me out really quickly. And I look down and I see frequent urination. And I was like, perfect that'll be a super quick visit you know? Ill just be like hey, sometimes I pee a lot and the doctor would be like : “Me too, crazy right?!?” And I'll be like: “I get nervous on airplanes.” So I checked off frequent urination and I sat down in the waiting area and I waited for 3 hours. I finally go back to the observation room and oh! In the observation room there was a male nurse standing there and he has a Batman sticker on his stethoscope, a Batman necklace and a Batman watch. He was kind of moving around the whole time, he was just like:  “alright! I am too blessed to be stressed! Lets do it! What are you allergic to, besides work?” and then he'd take something and throw it over his shoulder and be like: “Beats working.” And all of his jokes were anti work, which is not always what you want from a health care professional. The doctor comes in the room and the doctor looks at my chart and he says: “Oh, you're here for frequent urination, how many times a day are you urinating?” And I tried to think of a number that would warrant a doctor visit. So I said 11.That was too many times to say. The doctor looked at me and said: “You're peeing 11 time a day? Then you may have something wrong with your prostate. So, what we need to do…” Some of you are ahead of me . So I don't know exactly how he phrased it, but the gist of it was: “Hey, if this visit was to continue, I'm going to stick part of my hand up your ass. And I didn't know what to say. Cause I couldn't be like: “No that's okay, I was lying. It was a lie… to get drugs. You know? Like a crime!” So what I did was, I pulled down my pants, walked over to the observation table and I put my hand on the observation table like this  and by the way, part of me was like: “Whatever… you know? You ever have those days where you're like: “This might as well happen.  Adult life is already so God damn weird.” So I'm bent over like this on the table, and the doctor comes up behind me and says “ no no no, not on your hands, your elbows” and he knocks me down like that . And this is so much worse than this . I don't know why, I think its cause this has a little remaining dignity to it, you know what I mean? This is sort of like, go stick it in, I am an American. This is like you're leaning over the edge of a cruise ship and you're like: “ahhh we're approaching Martinique!” he knocked me down to my elbows and then, he stuck his hand in. and you know how sometimes you're like, I bet I know what most things feel like ya know? You just think you'll know? I did not know, what this was gonna feel like. And this was the actual sound I made, I went: “ooooooohhhhhhhhhmmmmmmmm.”  But I didn't say it, like it came from my vocal chords but it was totally involuntary. It was as if a ghost had been trapped in my belly and finally flew out towards the light. And then, when he pulled his hand out, we had gotten to know each other pretty well, so ill phrase this a delicately as a can. I didn't not realize than when the doctor pulls his hand out it feels like your shitting cause the only thing to come out of your butt before has been shit. So, he pulls his hand out and I thought I was shitting into his hand. So I yelled: “I'M SORRYY! This is a very routine procedure by the way for most doctors. And so far he's had to deal with “OHHHHHMMMM” and “I'M SORRYY!”  And he didn't even let me off the hook you know? He wasn't like: “Oh don't worry, you didn't shit into my hand.” He just threw his glove away and went“Ahhhwahhhahwa.” And I was about to ask about Xanax but he was like: “Alright your prostate's fine but we still need to do a blood test.” So I pulled up my pants and shuffled away, feeling different. And he yells out into the hall, he goes: “Hey! We're doing a blood test in here. Get in here!” Batman dances back in and he's like: “ Alright, we gonna do a blood test. You look different, let's do it.” The doctor left the room, so I'm alone with Batman. I just need this blood test to be over. But first I had to tell Batman something, I was like “Batman look, I'm one of those people who, when you take blood from me, sometimes I can faint. And I was in the waiting area for 3 hours and I haven't eaten anything all day and I'm really worried I'm gonna faint.” And Batman said to me, and ill never forget it: “pshh, you're not gonna faint!”So, I stick my arm out, Batman puts the needle in my arm, and I'm immediately on the ground. I wake up and I am covered in sweat lying on the observation table. I wake up, I open my eyes and I see Batman's face. He's looking at me and he goes: “you gotta go!” and I go: “Can I please talk to the doctor though for a sec because sometimes, I get nervous on airplanes.” And Batman said: “the doctor's gone!” so I got my stuff… and I left. The moral of the story is… that if you've been nervous your entire life, you should ask your doctor about Xanax because if you lie to him, he will stick his finger in your ass. And if you do suffer from frequent urination, keep it to yourself. I went to that clinic 2 years later for a different checkup and as I was leaving, who do I run into but Batman. And he smiled at me and he was wearing reading glasses to show that time had passed.Thanks very much for listening to me, my name is John Mulaney. You were really fun, thank you.
All right, Petunia. Wish me luck out there. You will die on August 7th, 2037. That's pretty good. All right. Hello. Hello, Chicago. Nice to see you again. Thank you. That was very nice. Thank you. Look, now, you're a wonderful crowd, but I need you to keep your energy up the entire show, okay? Because… No, no, no. Thank you. Some crowds… some crowds, they have big energy in the beginning and then they run out of places to go. So… I don't judge those crowds, by the way, okay? We've all gone too big too fast and then run out of room. We've all made a “Happy Birthday” sign… Wait. You get that poster board up, and you're like, “I don't need to trace it. I know how big letters should be. To begin with, a big-ass ‘H'. Followed by a big-ass ‘A' and… Oh, no! Oh, God! Okay, all right. Real skinny ‘P' with a high hump, and then we'll put the second ‘P' below the hump of that first ‘P', sort of like a motorcycle sidecar situation. And now I have no room for the ‘Y', so I'll do a kind of curled-up noodle ‘Y'. Block letters and cursive look good together.” And then you go to write “Birthday” and you totally forget the lesson you just learned with “Happy.” You're like, “Yeah, but the past is the past. Big-ass ‘B'. Surely more letters will fit in the same space.”You're very friendly here in Chicago. I mean, we're all violent here, but you're very friendly. No, really. And I don't like confrontation, 'cause I've never been in a fight before. Though, maybe you could tell that from the first moment I walked out on stage. I don't give off that vibe. Some people give off a vibe of… Right away, they're like, “Do not fuck with me.” My vibe is more like, “Hey, you could pour soup in my lap and I'll probably apologize to you.” When I walk, for real, my feet go out like this. I'm so open and vulnerable. I look like a doll that you point out molestation on. “Show us on this white comedian where the man touched you.”It's been a while since I've been home to Chicago. I got married since then. Thank you. I married my wife. I love saying “my wife.” It sounds so adult. “That's my wife.” It's great, you sound like a person. I said it even before we were married. We were just dating, and we were once getting on an airplane, and Anna's ticket didn't say anything and my ticket said “priority access.” It doesn't matter why. But we were getting on and I said, “Uh, can my wife board with me?” And they were like, “Yes, of course. Right this way.” And I was like, “Oh, that is so much better than all those times I was like, ‘Can my girlfriend come?'” And, yeah, I shouldn't have said it that way, but still. “My wife” just has some kick-ass to it, you know? “Get away from my wife! No one talk to my wife!” Marriage is gonna be very magical. “I didn't kill my wife!” That's like, “Ooh, who's that fella? I bet he did kill his wife.” Being married is so nice. I never knew relationships were supposed to make you feel better about yourself. That's not really a joke, that's just a little sweet thing I like to say. ‘Cause I'd been in relationships where I got cheated on, like, long ones. I don't know if you've ever been in a long relationship where you got cheated on, but it changes your whole worldview. ‘Cause when I was a kid, I used to watch America's Most Wanted. You know how kids do. And I would always think to myself, “How could another person kill someone? How could a human being kill another human being?” And then I got cheated on, and I was like, “Oh, okay.” “I'm not gonna do it, but I totally get it.” And I don't mean in that way of, like, “No one else can have you.” I don't care about that. It's just creepy to have an ex out there after things have ended badly. They have a lot of information. Anyone who's seen my dick and met my parents needs to die. I can't have them roaming around.I talked to a lot of people before I got engaged, you know. And I heard this expression about whether or not you should get married. This is an old expression. People say this. They say, “Why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free?” You ever heard that before? It's a bananas insulting expression… to an entire gender. But also, it makes no sense. “Why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free?” You're not allowed to milk a cow that you don't own. That's not even a situation. Was that a problem at one point? Like, in the dairy community? Was that happening a hundred years ago in some village? Some Dutch prick was sneaking in at night being like, “Ah-ha-ha, I take your milk.” And the farmer was like, “Well, then, this is your cow now.” And he was like, “No, no proof of purchase.” And he ran off into the night. That sounded Dutch, right? You know what that… you know what that expression means? It means, “Why would you marry a woman if she's already having sex with you?” Which has nothing to do with what relationships are even like anymore. Now, it's like, “Why buy the cow?” Uh, maybe because, every day, the cow asks you when you're gonna buy it. And… … you live in a really small apartment with the cow, so you can't avoid that question at all. And also, the cow is way better at arguing than you are. And the cow grew up in a family that knows how to argue. “Why buy the cow?” Uh, maybe because every time another cow gets bought, you have to go to the sale and you have to sit next to your cow at the sale, and your cow looks over at you the entire time like… And does not enjoy the sale at all… even though she's the one that wanted to go to the sale. And she's especially mad because that farmer and cow met, like, eight months after you guys met. “Why buy the cow?” Well, let's be real here. You're very lucky to have the cow that you do have. “Roping in cows and getting milk out of them was never anything you were known for, John.” By the most liberal of estimates, there have been about eight cows total, several unmilked, and… a lot of people think that you like bulls, and if you just bought… They assume it. When you search your name, the third thing to come up is like, “John Mulaney bull?” And if you just bought the cow, nobody would say that anymore. They'll still say it. ‘Cause there are those guys who, they buy a cow, and then on the side, total matador, but… But, for real, Chicago, why buy the cow? Let's be real. Why buy the cow? Because you love her. You really do. And, yeah, yeah… Sure, she's a bossy little Jew, but… … she takes care of you. And you don't wanna be some old man stumbling around, like, “Hey, you seen any loose milk?”My wife is Jewish. She's a New York Jew. I did it! Now, I was raised Catholic. I don't know if you can tell that from the everything about me. My wife is Jewish, I grew up Catholic, so we got married by a friend. Being married by a friend is a beautiful ceremony that alienates both families' religions, while confusing the elderly people at the wedding. “What's the name of the bishop?” “That's actually stand-up comedian Dan Levy. He was the host of MTV's Your Face or Mine?” I saw a lot of Catholic weddings, though, because I was an altar boy… And a hush falls over the room. Isn't it weird how that became a scandalous thing? That was just some boring shit I had to do on weekends. But now, it's like saying, “I was a French maid for a period of time. I was treated well in my day. I worked for a variety of sirs.” No, being an altar boy was just a boring gig, you know? You'd serve Mass and then you'd serve weddings sometimes. My brother was once an altar boy at a wedding, and he was standing there with another altar boy in this big, packed church in Chicago where we grew up. And the bride was coming down the aisle, and the organ was playing, and all the pews were filled, and the bride got all the way to the altar, and the groom lifted the veil off of the bride, and right at that moment the other altar boy said, “Aw, she's ugly.” And then they looked, and they were right next to the video camera. And I know that's awful, but wouldn't you give a million dollars to see that wedding video? It was the best moment of this stupid woman's life, and she's walking down the aisle, and the organ's like… And she gets all the way to the altar to her betrothed, and he unveils her to the world and to the eyes of God. And right at that second, for no reason at all, some Cheeto-fingered, rat-mustached, 13-year-old prick decides to go, “Aw, she's ugly!” Hopefully the videographer knew some sound editing so he could fix it to be like, “Aw, she's beautiful. She's enchanting.”I grew up Catholic. I don't go to church anymore. But I went on Christmas Eve with my parents, 'cause you know how you lie to your parents. So… we go into the church and I was like, “I got this under control.” And then I got schooled because they introduced a bunch of new shit. No, I was going through Mass and I was batting, like, .400. And then in the middle of Mass, the priest said, “Peace be with you.” And everyone said, “And with your spirit.” And I was the one pre-Y2K asshole going, “And also with you. What? Huh? What? Huh? What? When? When?” For those of you that aren't Catholic, I don't mean to exclude you, even though we love to exclude you, but… There's a part in church where the priest says, “Peace be with you.” And for many, many years, we all said… - “And also with you.” - Very good. But they changed it to “And with your spirit.” Because that's what needed revamping in the Catholic Church. That was the squeaky wheel that needed the grease. In Rome, they were like, “Let's see. What problems can we solve? Problem one. No.” I'm actually glad they changed that, though. I never liked “And also with you.” I always found that clunky. “And also with you.” That's not how you talk. - “Have a nice day.” - “And also you having one.” It's just a little bit wrong, isn't it? It's just a little off. Like, when someone's like, “How are you?” And you're like, “Nothing much.” And it sort of makes sense. Never begin a sentence with “And also.” You just immediately sound caught off-guard. It sounds like if at the first church ever, like, they weren't expecting it. Like, the priest was like, “Hey, this is the first time we've ever had church. I just wanna say, ‘Peace be with you.'” And they were like… “What? Oh. Uh, yeah. And also you should have some.” “Hey, that's good. Let's keep that for 2,000 years. And then change it to trick John.”My wife and I don't have any children, we have a dog. We have a little puppy named Petunia. She's a tiny little French bulldog puppy. I like having a puppy that's a bulldog, 'cause it's like having a baby that is also a grandma. Her body is young, her face is as old as time. She definitely saw the Nazis march into Paris. She always gives me this look of like, “Oh, the things I have seen, you cocksucker. You have no idea. The Gestapo threw my printing press into a river. But, go, tell your fucking jokes. Bring me my dish.” She said that. Petunia… Petunia is my best friend in the world. I give her a million kisses a day. She does not like me, and barks at me and bites me all day long. We had to get a dog trainer into the apartment because Petunia is a bad dog. We tell her that every day. We go, “Hey, you're bad at being a dog.” So, the trainer came into the apartment. Sorry, didn't even walk into the apartment, walked into the threshold and went, “Oh, okay.” Like she was an exorcist or something. She said, “I see what the problem is.” She said, “Petunia has become the alpha of the house.” And then she pointed at me, she said, “You are no longer the alpha of the house.” And in the back of my head, I was like, “I was never the alpha of the house.” I turned to my wife, I was like, “Let's pretend. It'll be fun. Yes… My title of alpha, which I once had, how can I reclaim it? Because that was a thing that existed at one time.” She said, “You need to show dominance over your puppy.” These are things people say to me. I said, “How do I do that?” She said, “Well, let me ask you this. Who eats dinner first, you or Petunia?” I was like, “Petunia eats dinner first. She eats dinner at 5:00 p.m., 'cause she's a foot long and two years old.” She said, “No, you need to eat dinner first. Because the king eats before anyone else eats.” Oh, yes, and what a mighty king I will be, eating dinner at 4:45 in the afternoon. “Look upon your sovereign, Petunia, and tremble. My lands stretch across this entire one bedroom, and I eat dinner whenever I choose, as long as it works for the schedule of a dog.” She said, “Now, you don't actually have to eat dinner before Petunia. You just have to convince Petunia that you've already eaten.” So… for the past month, I shit you not… before my wife and I give Petunia her dish, we take down empty bowls and spoons, and in front of her, we go, “Mmm, dinner. Mmm, good dinner.” Like we're space aliens in a play about human beings that they wrote, but they didn't work that hard on. “Mmm, we're eating dinner.” Meanwhile, Petunia's just staring at us with her Paul Giamatti face, like… “You're not eating dinner, cocksucker. Dish, now.”I have a wife and a dog, and we just bought a house. We have a new house. It was built in the '20s, but it was flipped in 2014. Which means it's haunted, but it has a lovely kitchen backsplash. Actually, we didn't buy a house. A bank bought a house, and I'm allowed to keep my shirts and pants there while I pay it off for 30 years. The woman from the bank came over and she showed me my mortgage broken down month by month for 30 years. And she said, “So, for instance, this is what you'll pay in July of 2029.” And I burst out laughing. I was like, “2029? That's not a real year. By 2029, I'll be drinking moon juice with President Jonathan Taylor Thomas. I'm not gonna be writing you a paper check.” I like having a house, but I loved looking for a house, 'cause I love real estate agents. I mean, they are the true heroes. They really are. Have you ever watched HGTV? Real estate agents have to deal with the dumbest people in the world making the biggest decisions of their lives. Every episode of HGTV is like, “Craig and Stacia are looking for a two-story A-frame that's near Craig's job in the downtown, but also satisfies Stacia's need to be near the beach which is nowhere near Craig's job. With three children and nine on the way, and a max budget of $7… let's see what Lori Jo can do on this week's episode of You Don't Deserve A Beach House.”I loved our real estate agent. It was so fun to hang out with her. It was like hanging out with my mom. ‘Cause, you know, real estate agents always look like your mom. And they have various Chico's accoutrements. They always have kind of fun mom energy. And they're always, “So excited to see you two.” We would have little conferences before we walked into a house. She'd go, “Let's talk. Let's talk before we go in.” We're, like, two feet from the door. “So, there's no toilets. And I know that was on your list. But I think I can get him to budge. Let's go.” So, we'd have a real estate agent, and then, like, the house would have a real estate agent who's just some guy sitting in a big chair. And these two always hated each other. They'd be like, “Hi, Tony.” “Hi, Kim.” It's like, “Jesus Christ! What, were you two in the Eagles together? What is the animosity about?” Our real estate agent wanted us to have a baby more than anyone else in our lives, more than anyone in our family. She hinted about it constantly. Every room she walked into, she'd be like, “So, this could be an office.” “Or maybe a nursery.” “Yeah. No, like we said, we don't know if we're gonna have… ” “No, no. I know, I know, you know. You don't know if you're gonna have 'em, but you know. You know, you never know. Sometimes you don't know what's gonna happen, and then… you know, something happens.” “Well, yeah, that's how all of life works.” “Okay, all right. Okay. Uh-huh. Mmm. This is an on-fire garbage can. Could be a nursery.” She showed me a backyard once. She goes, “I don't even like this backyard for you.” I was like, “Oh, do tell.” She said, “It's all pavement. I think you should have some grass out there. You know, in case you have a couple… little guys… running around in the grass.” And I got offended on behalf of my imaginary kids. I was like, “Hey, lady. I went outside about as much as Powder from the movie Powder. My children are not gonna be playing out on grass. They will be up in their rooms playing violent video games and catfishing pedophiles. These are my children. And that's my wife!”I didn't mean to make it sound like we don't want children. We don't, but I didn't mean to make it sound like that. See, I just don't think babies like me very much. Sometimes babies will point at me, and I don't care for that shit at all. Like, I'll be on an elevator, and a baby will be there in its big, like, stroller activity tray, just, like, working on one Cheerio with Bobby Fischer-like intensity. And it'll look up at me and go… I like to lean in and go, “Stop snitchin', motherfucker.” And then walk off. ‘Cause you're never too young to learn our national no-snitching policy. My friends have babies and I don't do so well with them. I had a run-in with a two-year-old girl. I know there are better ways to start that story, but… My friend, Jeremy, has this two-year-old girl, and I really like her. She's a sweet kid. I really like his daughter a lot. But I was over at his family's house for the Fourth of July, and he had his daughter on his knee. And it was a very lovely day. His whole extended family was there. And he was bouncing his two-year-old up and down, and he pointed at me and he said to his two-year-old, “Do you know who that is? That's your Uncle John.” And I was like, “Oh, my God. That's so sweet. I'm her Uncle John.” And then the baby pointed at me and said, “Uncle John has a penis.” I thank you for laughing, because no one did that day! Fell deadly silent, is what they all did. Hey, do you know what you're supposed to say when a baby points at you and knowingly says, “He has a penis”? No, I'm asking, 'cause I don't know what to say in that situation. Here's what I went with that day. I said, “Oh, come on!” I don't know. I thought that'd be good. But then it just made it worse, 'cause it sounded like the baby and I had an arrangement not to talk about it, and she had violated my trust. Like, the baby had been like, “Do you have a penis?” And I was like, “Yes, I do, but you're a baby, so discretion is key.” And then the next day she goes, “He has a penis,” and I go, “Oh, come on! Someone can't keep a secret!” Luckily, Jeremy's wife saved the day. The baby's mom saved the day. She came in and she picked up the baby, and she was like, “It's okay. She's just going through that phase where she says penis and vagina a lot.” Aren't we all? And, by the way, it would've been a totally different situation if the baby had said vagina. Like, if a grown woman had walked in the room, and the baby had been like, “She has a vagina,” the woman could be like, “Yes, I do, and it's magnificent.” And we would all be like, “Hooray! You are brave!” No one wants to applaud the penis of a 32-year-old weirdo.It's fun to be married. I've never been supervised before. I'm supervised. She studies what I do. Like an anthropologist. She'll be like, “Sometimes, he will watch a movie on TV even though he already owns that movie on DVD. Pointing this out to him confuses and upsets him.” I had no supervision when I was a kid. We were free to do what we wanted. But also, with that, no one cared about kids. I grew up before children were special. I did. Very early '80s, right before children became special. Like, I remember when milk carton kids became a thing. When they were like, “Hey, we should start looking for some of these guys. I don't think they're just blowing off steam.” No one cared about my opinion when I was a little kid. No one cared what I thought. Sometimes, people would say, “What do you think you're doing?” But that just meant “Stop.” They didn't actually wanna know my thought process. They didn't want me to be like, “Well, I was gonna put this bottle rocket into this carton of eggs, so that when I lit off the bottle rocket, the eggs would explode everywhere.” “Oh, well, that's very interesting. And what brought you to this experiment?” “Oh, well, thank you for asking. Well… you know how I'm filled with rage? I'm so horny and angry all the time… and I have no outlet for it. So… eggs.” Your opinion doesn't matter in elementary school either. It matters in college. College is just your opinion. Just you raising your hand and being like, “I think Emily Dickinson's a lesbian.” And they're like, “Partial credit.” And that's a whole thing. But in elementary school, it doesn't matter what you think, it just matters what you know. You have to have answers to questions. And if you say, “I don't know,” you get an X on your test, and you get it wrong and that's not fair, 'cause your brain has never been smaller. Also, that's not how life works. I'm in my 30s now. If you came to me now and you were like, “Hey, John, name three things that the Stamp Act of 1775 accomplished.” I'd go, “I don't know. Get out of my apartment,” you know? But when you're a little kid, you can't say, “I don't know.” You should be able to. That should be an acceptable answer on a test. You should be able to write in, “I don't know. I know you told me. But I have had a very long day. I am very small. And I have no money. So you can imagine the kind of stress that I am under.” Or if it's one of those true or false questions, you should be able to add a third option which is, “Who's to say?” Kids are much more supervised now, but also, they have a lot of rights. Like, that's the biggest civil rights increase I've seen in my lifetime. The rights of children have gone through the roof. I had no rights when I was a little kid. I remember, one time, I walked into a supermarket by myself, and I walked in through the double doors, and the woman behind the register just looked at me and she went, “No!” And I went, “All right.” And I turned around and left. That's how broken I was.And there weren't special things for kids the way there are now. Like, we would just go see movies. Any movie. Like Back to the Future. That was a movie everyone could see. Kids could kinda see it. Great movie, right? I rewatched it recently. It's a very weird movie. Marty McFly is a 17-year-old high school student whose best friend is a disgraced nuclear physicist. And, I shit you not, they never explain how they became friends. They never explain it. Not even in a lazy way, like, “Hey, remember when we met in the science building?” They don't even do that. And we were all fine with it. We were just like, “What, who's his best friend? A disgraced nuclear physicist? All right, proceed.” What a strange movie to sell to be a family movie. Two guys had to go in and do that. They had to be like, “Okay… we got an idea… for the next big family-action-comedy. All right, it's about a guy named Marty, and he's very lazy. He's always sleeping late.” “Okay. Is he cool like Ferris Bueller?” “No. But he does have this best friend who's, you know, a disgraced… nuclear physicist.” “I'm confused here. This best friend, this is another student?” “No, no, no. No, this guy's either, like, 40 or 80. Even we don't know how old this guy's supposed to be. But one day, the boy and the scientist, they go back in time and they build a time machine. Whoa!” “Okay. I think I see where you're going here. They build a time machine, and they go back in time, and they stop the Kennedy assassination.” “Ah! Oh, wow, that's a really good idea, I mean, we didn't even think of that.” “All right, well, what do they do with the time machine?” “Well, now I'm embarrassed to say. Ah, well, all right, all right, all right. We thought… We thought it would be funny, you know, if the boy, if he went back in time and, you know, he tried to fuck his mom.” “I don't know. We thought that'd be fun for people. But, no, good point. No, he doesn't get to, he doesn't get to. ‘Cause this family friend named Biff, he comes in and he tries to rape the mom in front of the son. The dad's gotta beat the rapist off of her. And also, we're gonna imply that a white man wrote ‘Johnny B. Goode.' So, we're gonna take that away from 'em.” “Well, this is the best movie idea I have ever heard in my life. We're gonna make three of them. Now, you say they go to the past. How about we call it Back to the Past?” “No, no, no. Back to the Future.” “Right, but they go to the past.” “Yeah.”Kids have it very good now. My friend's a teacher. She told me that, uh… the parents will take the kids' side over the teacher now. That's insane. That never happened. My parents trusted every grown-up… more than they trusted me. I don't mean coaches and teachers. Any human adult's word… was better than mine. Any hobo or drifter could have taken me by the ear up to my front door and been like, “Excuse me! Your kid bit my dick.” And my mom would be like, “John Edmund Mulaney, did you bite this nice man's dick?” And I would be the only one who's like, “Hey, doesn't anyone wanna know why… his dick was near my biters… in the first place? Isn't anyone curious… as to how I had access?” Don't get me wrong, my parents love us. They just didn't like us. We weren't friends. People are now like, “My mom's my best friend.” I was like, “Oh, is she a super bad mom?” My parents didn't trust us, and they shouldn't have trusted us. We were little goblins. We were terrible. I remember, one time, we were going to this resort for a vacation when we were little kids. Three weeks before we went to the resort, my dad sat us down and he said, “All right, we're going to a resort, and I've just been informed that the man who owns the resort only has one arm.” And we were like, “Oh, yes! Yay! Yes!” “Now, I'm telling you three weeks in advance, so that you will not freak out when you see that he only has one arm.” “Oh, we're gonna freak out so bad!” “Yes, John, you have a question?” “How did he lose his arm?” “That's exactly what you won't ask.” And then I did ask. I went into the kitchen one day, and I was like, “So, how'd you lose your arm?” And he was like, “Well, I was born with only one arm.” And I was like, “Nah.”No, my parents loved us. It's just, like, they were the cops, you know? And we were criminals. So, we didn't get along. We only got along in that way that, like, cops will sometimes be chummy with criminals. Like, when my dad and I would talk, it was like that scene in the movie Heat, when Robert De Niro and Al Pacino sit down in that diner. We kind of had that rapport of, like, “Hmm, we're not so different, you and I. You have your law practice, and me, I have all these fucking markers.” “I guess we both have responsibilities when you look at it that way.” My dad would respect it if I could get away with breaking a rule. We had a rule in our house, you were not allowed to watch TV on a school night. So, every school night, I would 100 percent be watching TV. And I would hear my dad coming, I would immediately turn the TV off and grab any book, magazine, periodical, anything. And I'd open it and pretend to be doing homework. My dad would walk in the room and he would go, “What are you doing? Are you watching TV?” And I'd go, “No, man. I'm not watching TV.” And the TV wouldn't even be dark yet. It would still have, like, a neon green halo around it. It'd be sizzling like a glass of Pepsi. And I would look my dad in the eyes and go, “No, I'm just reading this Yellow Pages.”My dad loved us. He just didn't care about our general happiness or self-esteem. I remember, one time, we were really little kids. I have two sisters and a brother, and all four of us were in our family car ride for three hours going to Wisconsin. My dad was driving, going down the highway in our white van with wood around the side. ‘Cause you remember when you wanted your car to be made of wood? You remember that era? Where we were like, “How much wood can we get on this car… without it catching on fire?” But then the big announcement. “We here at Plymouth-Chrysler can put a saucy stripe of wood safely on the outside of your car, for all those times you've looked at your minivan and thought, ‘Huh! It needs a belt.'” So, we're going on the highway. We've been on the road for three hours. And in the distance, we see a McDonald's. We see the golden arches. And we got so excited. We started chanting, “McDonald's! McDonald's! McDonald's! McDonald's!” And my dad pulled into the drive-thru, and we started cheering. And then, he ordered one black coffee for himself. And kept driving. And, you know, as mad as that made me as a little kid, in retrospect, that is the funniest thing I have ever seen in my entire life. How perfect is that? He had a vanload of little kids, and he got black coffee. The one thing from McDonald's no child could enjoy. My dad is cold-blooded. He once shushed a kid during Lion King on Broadway. That actually happened. We were at Lion King on Broadway, and there was a five-year-old behind us going, “Look, it's Pumbaa! Look, it's Timon!” And my dad turned around and said, “Are you going to talk the entire time?” He's my hero.The weirdest thing when I was a kid was how much they scared us about smoking weed. They scared us about it constantly. And I've been on tour this year… Marijuana is legal in 18 or 19 states in some form or another. It's insane. Yeah, well… All right, don't “whoo” if you're white. It's always been legal for us. Come on, sir. We don't go to jail for marijuana, you silly billy. When I was arrested with a one-hitter at a Rusted Root concert, I did not serve hard time. I think I got an award. Eighteen or 19 states. And, by the way, I agree, it's a very good thing. But it's also a really weird thing, because this is the first time I've ever seen a law change because the government is just like, “Fine.” You know? I've never seen it before. Like, gay marriage and healthcare, we have to battle it out in the Supreme Court, and be like, “Gay people are humans.” And they're like, “We'll think about it.” But with weed, it was just something we wanted really badly, and we kept asking them for 40 years, like, “Excuse me.” And then suddenly the government became like cool parents, and they're just like, “Okay, here. Take a little. We'd rather you do it in the house than go somewhere else… blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.” Those stupid parents. And that's a big deal because they scared us about weed constantly. It would be on our sitcoms. We'd be watching Saved by the Bell, we'd be having a great old time. And then, suddenly, a character we had not seen before would show up with some weed and the episode would stop cold in its tracks. And they'd always hold the joint… The bad guy would hold the joint in a villainous way. They'd always offer the joint in a way that no one ever holds a joint. Like it's a skull in a Shakespeare play. And now it's legal, and that is great news. Unless you're a weed dealer, and then it is terrible news. And I don't just mean because they're about to lose out to Amazon.com. I more feel bad for weed dealers 'cause they're about to find out that we only showed them a certain amount of politeness because they had an illegal product. And we don't show that same politeness to people who deliver legal products. Like, when the Chinese food delivery guy comes, we don't let him hang out after he's delivered the Chinese food. And we don't look the other way when he says weird shit to the girls we're hanging out with… to try to preserve the relationship. And we definitely don't give him some of the Chinese food. He's never like, “Hey, can I get in on those dumplings?” And we're like, “Yeah, we're all friends.”What are you, on your phone? Hey, V-neck. Hey! - What's your name? - Sam. Sam? Cool! What do you do to afford V-necks, Sam? Typing numbers. Ah… numbers, the letters of math. I'm sorry to bother you. I don't mean to single you out. I hate when people get pulled out of the audience. Like, are you familiar with the Cirque du Soleil, Sam? They're a group of French assholes that are slowly taking over America by humiliating audience members one by one. We once went to see Cirque du Soleil at Navy Pier when I was a kid, and my brother came, and he was 12 years old. You remember being 12, when you're like, “No one look at me or I'll kill myself.” And these French bastards come into the crowd, being like, “Le volunteer!” And they pulled my brother up on stage, and I was like, “No!” And they brought him up, and they reached into his sweatshirt, and they were like… And they had planted a bra, and they pulled out a bra and they were like… And everyone at Navy Pier was like “Ah, ha, ha, ha, ha!” And my brother was like, “That's great!” I have had other jobs besides comedy.I was an office temp for a while. I really miss that. I loved being a temp, because I would just go from office to office and be terrible at a different job for a week. And then you just get to retire like Lou Gehrig. You're like, “Thank you. No one will ever see me again.” And they're like, “Goodbye!” I worked at an office once on 57th Street in New York City. I was there for a couple weeks. I was in a cubicle next to this other cubicle. This woman named Mischa sat in the other cubicle. I want to get the number right. I think Mischa had… about 900,000 photos of her daughter up in her cubicle. Almost like she was trying to solve a conspiracy about her daughter, A Beautiful Mind-style. I think about Mischa two times a week… because of a phone call she had next to me one day. It was one of my first days, and I was sitting next to her. And her phone rang, and this was her call, and I'm quoting. Her phone rang and she said, “Hello? Hush!” And then she hung up. Think about that two times a week. And I didn't know her well enough by then to be like, “Hey, what kind of a person are you?” You know? Who could she have been talking to? “Hello? Hush!” This was a place of business. My only thought was that it was the CEO of the company being like, “Mischa, help. I'm doing a crossword puzzle. I need a four-letter word for ‘be quiet' right now.” - “Hush!” - “You're promoted.”I temped at a little web company on 25th Street in New York City. It was a small web company owned by this old man who was old, old, old money New York. His name was Henry J. Finch IV. Like old, old, old money. Like, his money was in molasses or something. He owned this web company. I have no idea why he owned this web company. I think he won it in a rich man's game of dice and small binoculars, or something. Mr. Finch wore linen suits. He had suspenders, he had a bow tie, he had a hat, he had a cane with an ivory handle. I'm giving you more description than you need, 'cause I need you to believe me. This was a real person I knew in the 21st century. Mr. Finch was in his 70s. He had an assistant named Mary. She was in her 50s, she was Korean. I don't know why he had an assistant. He did not need one. Unless he needed someone to be like, “Remember, Mr. Finch, at five o'clock, you need to keep looking like a hard-boiled egg.” One day, Mr. Finch came into the office. It had been raining. Everything I'm about to say to you was said in front of me on that afternoon. Mr. Finch walked into the office, and he was wearing a raincoat, he was wearing a rain hat, and he had his cane. And he walked in and he said, and I'm quoting, “Ah! One feels like a duck splashing around in all this wet! And when one feels like a duck, one is happy!” And then Mary yelled, “Ooh, ducklings!” To which Mr. Finch replied, “Too old to be a duckling. Quack, quack.” And then walked into his office. I think about that every goddamn day. I mean, imagine you're me. You're a 22-year-old temp, and you're so hungover, and you just wanna die every day. And then that happens in front of you, and I don't know, gives you hope? And I did that a little fast. Let me break that conversation down for you. Mr. Finch walked in, and he began a conversation the way anyone would. “Ah!” “One feels like a duck splashing around in all this wet!” The rain. “And when one feels like a duck, one is happy!” Now, that's debatable. But rather than debate that point, Mary brought up a new, separate, but interesting point… which was, “Ducklings!” But Mr. Finch, ever the realist about his own age and mortality… said, “Ah, too old to be a duckling!” As if to say, “My duckling days are behind me. Mary, don't you see? I'm a duck now. And to prove it… Well, I'll say just about the most famous catchphrase a duck has… ‘Quack, quack.'” And I knew right at that moment, by the way, that it meant nothing to Mr. Finch, what he had said. Crazy people are like that. They have unlimited crazy currency. Like, if I had gone into his office a couple weeks later and been like, “Hey, Finch, you remember that time you were like, ‘Too old to be a duckling. Quack, quack'?” He would just be like, “Ah, perhaps I did quack! But such is life for an old knickerbocker like me.” Like, he'd say something else crazy.That's the wonderful thing about crazy people, you know? Is that they just have unlimited currency. The things they say mean nothing to them, but they mean everything to me. I was once walking into Penn Station in New York. I was walking down 31st Street towards Eighth Avenue. I'm walking down 31st, there's this woman standing at Eighth and 31st. I have my little roller suitcase. You can all imagine. I'm walking towards her. She's smoking a cigarette that is not lit anymore. She's watching me walk, kind of scanning me up and down, as if she had Terminator vision… where she could see little bits of data, like, “Little honky ass,” and could read information. As I walked past her, she said this to me. I walked past her and she said, and I'm quoting, “Eat ass, suck a dick and sell drugs.” Very dirty, yes? A very upsetting thing to hear, yes? I'm sorry you all had to hear that, but at least you all got to hear it as a group. I was alone out there that afternoon. And she said this totally unprompted. “Eat ass, suck a dick and sell drugs.” It wasn't like I had paused in front of her and been like, “What should I do with my life?” So, I walk away from her with this to-do list. And I like structure, I like a to-do list. It did dawn on me that that list of things does get better as it goes along, when you really think about it. ‘Cause it starts in a pretty rough place. It starts with just about the worst task a to-do list can start with. But by the end, you have your own small business. And isn't that the American dream when all's said and done? That if you eat enough ass and suck enough dick, one day you can sell drugs. Imagine you did all that to sell drugs and then they legalize drugs, and you were like, “But I…” This has been a real thrill to perform here, by the way. I just wanna say that in all sincerity. Thanks for coming to this. Really, really appreciate it.I wanna tell you one more story before I get out of here, about the night I met a guy named Bill Clinton. Now, I don't… Some of you know who that is? For those of you that don't, he was President of the United States from 1993 until 2001, and he is a smooth and fantastic hillbilly who should be declared Emperor of the United States of America. Now, I know you know who Bill Clinton is. But I was doing a show at a college, and I mentioned Bill Clinton, and, like, they kind of didn't know who he was. Like, sorry, they knew the name, right? But they only knew this 2015 Bill Clinton, who's a very different Bill Clinton. Have you seen his ass lately? What the hell is he trying to pull? He's all thin now, and he wears these little tight suits, and he's got these grandpa reading glasses, like, “Hey, I can't do nothing to nobody no more.” “Oh, me? I'm just an old, old man. I don't have the appetites.” You know? And he's always flying around the world with Bill Gates trying to cure AIDS.That is not the Bill Clinton that we all signed up for 20 years ago. Our Bill Clinton was like a big, fat Buddy Garrity from Friday Night Lights-looking guy, who played the saxophone on Arsenio, and his work in the STD community was not in curing anything at that time. That was the man we all elected president. That was the Bill Clinton that I met. I got to meet Bill Clinton when he was Governor Clinton in 1992, when he was first running for president.And I got to meet Bill Clinton because my parents had gone to the same college as Bill Clinton. They're a little younger, but they went to the same college. So, when he was first running for president, he would have all these big, like, alumni fundraisers, and everyone who went was invited to go. Now, this was really cool for a couple reasons. One, I got to meet Bill Clinton. But two, I got to watch my parents watch someone they went to school with become the president. And that is super funny to see, 'cause think about some of the people you went to school with. Now imagine they're becoming the president. Imagine Sam was becoming the president. It would stir up strong emotions. And my parents had very different opinions on Bill Clinton. My mom loved Bill Clinton, 'cause Bill Clinton was always a really charismatic, handsome guy. I mean, think about how many women he got in the 1990s when he looked like Frank Caliendo doing John Madden. Now… imagine him as a college student. And my mom tells me that there was this sort of chivalrous policy on campus back then, where, late at night, if female students were leaving the library unaccompanied, male students were encouraged to wait out in front and offer to walk them home. That sounds good, right? So, my mom tells me that Bill Clinton would be out in front of the library every single night… just being like, “Hey, can I walk ya home? Hey, can I walk ya home? Hey, can I walk ya home? Hey, can I walk ya home?” And one night, my mom was leaving the library, and Bill Clinton was like, “Hey, can I walk ya home?” And my mom was like, “Hell, yes.” So… This is absolutely true. My mom, little Ellen Stanton, walked arm-in-arm with Bill Clinton to her dorm. And she was like, “You know, I wanted to invite him up for a beer.” And I was like, “Thanks, I'm nine.” But… her roommate was upstairs, so she lost her chance with Bill Clinton. Now, my dad, on the other hand, hated Bill Clinton, because my parents were dating during this time. And also, my dad's a much more morally-upright, conservative kind of guy. He always told me that he hated it in college that Bill Clinton could, quote, “Get away with anything.” Can you imagine how he felt later?So, one day, this invitation arrives for a fundraiser where you could meet Bill Clinton. My mom opens it first and she goes, “Oh, we have to go. We have to go see Bill.” And without looking up at her, my dad just says, “Why? It's not like he's gonna remember you.” One black coffee. Same motherfucker. So, my mom says, “Fine! I'll go and I'll take John.” And I was like, “Hell, yeah.” And I slid in the room in my First Communion suit, ready to go. ‘Cause I loved Bill Clinton. I was ten years old. If you were a kid when Bill Clinton was first released, it was the most exciting thing ever. We'd never seen a cool politician before. And he would go on MTV, and he'd have cool answers to kids' questions. They'd be like, “Governor, what's your favorite food?” And he'd be like, “I don't know, fries?” And we'd be like, “Yay, we eat fries!” I learned to play his campaign song on the piano. It was “Don't Stop” by Fleetwood Mac… from Rumours, an album written by and for people cheating on each other. He let us know who he was right away. So, I went with my mom, as her date… to reconnect with Governor Bill Clinton. We walked into the ballroom. It was a big hotel ballroom. It was the Palmer House Hilton, big Hilton hotel ballroom. Walked into the ballroom, it was packed with people. It's actually the ballroom from the end of the movie The Fugitive, remember? So, that ballroom. So, my mom and I walk in, it's packed with people, the… Sorry, the end where Harrison Ford, as Dr. Richard Kimble, bursts in to confront Dr. Charles Nichols, right? Okay. So, that ballroom. So, my mom and I walk in, it's packed with people. Why does Kimble confront Nichols? Well, I know we all know this, but… No, no. But, but, but… Kimble, he found out that Nichols, along with Devlin MacGregor and Lentz, who has mysteriously died, they had hired Frederick Sykes, the one-armed man, to kill Kimble. Kimble's wife wasn't even the target. I know we all know this. But they were gonna kill Kimble because he wasn't gonna approve certain liver samples to pass RUD-90. So, Kimble finds out about all of this, and, of course, he's furious. And he bursts into the ballroom and he goes, “You switched the samples!” And Dr. Nichols is like, “Ladies and gentlemen, my friend, Dr. Richard Kimble.” What accent did that guy have, by the way? He goes, “You switched the samples! And you doctored your research! So that you could have Provasic!” Anyway, so it's that ballroom. So, we walk into that ballroom. It was packed with people. It was packed with people. A real Who's Not of Chicago celebrities. Walter Jacobson was there. Walter Jacobson was the local Fox anchor. He'd do fun things where he'd go undercover as a homeless person. And he'd be like, “Oh, what time is the soup?” And they'd be like, “Man, you're Walter Jacobson.” He was there. Everybody. And on the far side of the ballroom, under a spotlight, we saw a little bit of silver hair. And it was him… Bill Clinton. The Comeback Kid. But he was surrounded by reporters, and photographers, and Secret Service. So, what are you gonna do? Well, if you're my mom, you ball up the back of my sport coat, and you push me forward like a human shield. And then you start jogging while yelling, “This ten-year-old boy has to meet the next president of the United States!” Kind of implying that I might be dying. My feet were not on the ground. She was swinging me like a snowplow. I was just mowing down fat Chicago Democrats. I pushed past all the reporters, I pushed past all the photographers. We pushed past all the Secret Service. We land at Bill Clinton's feet. Bill Clinton turns, looks at my mom and says, “Hey, Ellen,” 'cause he never forgets a bitch, ever. My mom melts. She goes, “Hi, Bill.” Then it is revealed that she has no plan. So… she pushes me towards Clinton and she goes, “This is my son, John, and he's also going to be president.” And I was like, “What the hell are you talking about? I'm not gonna be president.” And I know now that I'm definitely never gonna be president. Not unless everyone gets real cool about a bunch of stuff really quickly. Based on my ten-year-old memory, Bill Clinton is about 13 feet tall. And he leaned down, because, well, I was wearing this button that I bought outside the fundraiser. It was a cartoon button of George H. W. Bush, and it had a quail flying over his head, and it was shitting on his head. And it said, “Bird-brained.” And I thought it was very funny. And Bill Clinton leaned down so that only I could hear and he said, “Hey, man, I like your button.” And I said, “You can do whatever you want forever.” And he took my advice. And… it was the best night of my entire life. And I got home that night… I got home that night, and my dad was still awake, like, reading angry under one lamp, just like… And I went up to him and I went, “Hey! I'm gonna be a Democrat.” “And I'm gonna vote for Bill Clinton.” And without looking up at me, my dad just said, “You have the moral backbone of a chocolate eclair.” You know, how you talk to a child. So, here's the end of that story. That was 1992.Let's flash forward five years to 1997. It is now 1997. I am a sophomore in high school, Bill Clinton is in his second term as president. And on the morning that the Monica Lewinsky scandal breaks on the cover of The New York Times. It had been on the Drudge Report, and then it was on the cover of The New York Times. That morning, I wake up to the newspaper hitting me in the face. I am a teenager asleep in bed, and the newspaper hits me in the face and falls open on my stomach. And I open my eyes to see my dad standing there dressed for work, and he says, “The other shoe just dropped.” And then my dad went in to work to find out that his law firm had been hired to defend Bill Clinton. Good night, Chicago.
