Hi. Well, thank you. Thank you so much. I am so happy you guys are here. I'm sorry about the metal detectors. That is my bad. I, um… Tweeted something, and, uh, it made some people feel the need to express, um, wanting to kill me. And… I'm sorry I called for a military coup. I knew it was a long shot. You know, when you're a comedian now, you really have to think things through before you post them, you know, on Twitter. Who do we think we are, presidents? Oh. Not necessary. But appreciated.I'm, uh… I'm not a fancy person. I don't, um… You know, I'm wearing a onesie. I'm not… I have friends that love jewelry, and I love them. But I… I don't really understand the value of jewelry at all. That said… I love a nice hotel room. I need a soaking tub. So, I have my things. And I was just on the road, and I got to stay in some really nice hotels. And, um, I'll never complain, because I'm so afraid of being, like, a complaining Jew. Which is a stereotype. Based on facts and patterns. And then, like, deducing from those patterns. Why are you selling out your culture, Sarah? Sorry. Did it get a laugh? Yes. Okay. Um… But I did call down. And I was like, “Everything is so amazing.” Thank you so much. Um, but I… noticed there seems to be, um… semen on the… I think it's called a duvet. And… Or a comforter. And also, um… There's also some on, like, the nightstand. And, um, also, I noticed there's come all over my tits. It's… I'm sorry. I just, you know, if there's a… I hate to complain. If there's an upgrade to be had, I would… “in I'd take it.”Can you hear me when I just talk like this? This is a good sound system. You can hear me when I just talk like this? I, uh, got laser hair removal. And… Did you just applaud that? You're like, “Finally.” I got laser hair removal. I waited a really long time to do it. Uh… I wanted the science to be at its peak. You know, like, we landed on Mars… I think it was August 2012. Are you just impressed that I remember the date? What I'm saying is… we landed on Mars in 2012. I waited four more years. And then I looked up the highest-rated laser hair removal place within three blocks of my apartment. And I went there. It was called LaserAway. And, um… it wasn't what I… I think I was naive, and I just thought you go, and you get… And your hair gets removed. But it's a much longer process. For every section of hair you want removed, you have to go have eight separate sessions, you know, like on each… So, for me, I was doing, like, from right below my belly button down to the floor. And then back up to about the middle of my back. And, um… Isn't that funny that that's funny? And it's a lie. I did my arms, too. But, um… I can't lie to you guys. I can't. Uh… Right. So, they make you pay up front. Which makes so much sense, now that I think about it. Because… it hurts so much. By the second session you're like, “Oh, I would gladly pay $3000 to never come back here again. That would be a bargain.” It's so painful. And I have a… I feel like I have a high pain… I think most women have a high pain threshold. I've been punched in the face thrice. And that's another story for another time. But I… It's a different kind of pain. It's like nerve ending… Like nerve damage. Like, they give you stress balls, and you squeeze them. And by the time you pry your fingers open, they're just, like, pyramids of powder, basically. It hurts so much. I remember telling myself like, “You are a grown woman.” That is your money to waste. You earned that money. “Throw it out the window. It doesn't matter.” And, uh, as I was walking back to my car after the second session… I actually can remember exactly, like, the words I was saying to myself as I was walking to the car. I was like: “What you just went through was trauma.” “That was traumatic.” And right in that moment I got a text message from my boyfriend, who was in Guatemala at the time with UNICEF. And it just said… It said, “I just spent the morning” with a woman who watched her son get murdered.” And I was like, “You think that's bad?” ‘Cause I have…I have a hard time with perspective. Like, I don't gain it with experience, I guess. I was walking around here in Los Angeles, judging people. And that's not me being my best self. I'm not proud of it. But that was just the scenario. And I remember just thinking, like, “You fucking…” petty, small-minded, materialistic twats. “You do not get it.” With their, like, $1500 purses. It's a bag. It holds shit. Get a backpack. You're silly. You know? I'm like, “You don't even get it.” We're breathing egos, acting like we aren't a speck of dust on a speck of dust on a speck of dust hurtling through outer space. “We're nothing.” And then in the very next moment I'll be like: “I want my face on money.” I really do. I feel like I deserve… I want my face on money, period. I just… I want my period face on money. It's like: No, it's more stoic. It's like: Aw, I just heard my sister laughing. She's dead. No, she's here. I'm kidding. She's here.I, um… I had a dog for many, many years. And he was my best friend. And I was always talking to him. Whenever I was home, I was talking to him. And then he died, and I stopped talking to him. Makes sense. Or does it? I don't know. I mean, does that really make sense? He's just as much a part of the conversation now… In a box on my desk. I stopped… This is what it is. I stopped talking to myself because there wasn't a dog in the room. That's crazy. So, now I have a new dog, Mary. I, um… I rescued her. Or I like to think she rescued me. I don't know which is the less cunty way of putting it. But I have her. And she is my world. And, uh, I love her so much. She's my everything. She's young, and she's full of life. And she's obsessed with squirrels. And she's kind of gotten me into it, too. And she's just, like, such a cuddler, and we play. And we, like, spoon at night, and… I'm just gonna put a pin in that for a second and double back and say… that squirrel line, I would call that, in comedy, a throwaway joke. I knew it was gonna get a laugh when I said: “She's obsessed with squirrels, and she's kind of gotten me into it, too.” But you just keep going to that main joke. That's a throwaway joke. It makes it extra cool. Now I've ruined it 'cause I doubled back and, like, I'm, like, talking about it. Now it's ruined. It's not a throwaway joke anymore. But it was. This is probably for two people in the audience, but I would say a throwaway joke is cool… the way that it's cool, like… I play basketball. If you, like, during a pickup game, you make, like, a sweet three-point shot, and then afterwards, you don't smile. You just go right back into defense. That's the same coolness of a throwaway joke. All right. So… Really? That's never gotten a laugh before. Well, you didn't have to undo it. Keep laughing.So, um… The truth is, I am… I have gotten into squirrels. And now I'm gonna get you into squirrels. I'm not kidding. Wait until you see. I learned a fun fact about squirrels… that I'm so excited to tell you. I can't… I'm… Okay, this is what it is. It's this. Squirrels… cannot find 80 percent of the nuts they hide. Are you kidding me? Is that the greatest thing you've ever heard in your life? First of all, animals aren't supposed to make mistakes. But secondly… I made this realization that is gonna blow… Hold your skulls in, because your brains are gonna fucking explode. That's how trees are planted. Are you fucking kidding me? That's how trees are planted. God, or the universe, or nature, or whatever the fuck, created this anxiety-ridden… Paranoid cokehead… that thinks that everybody wants their acorns. Nobody wants your acorns. No one else in the world eats acorns. Only you. That they hide them everywhere. And then they're so fucked up on coke… They can only find two out of every ten. Squirrels plant trees. In Israel. Right. That I added. That's not true. I added that.So, Mary is my dog. And I love her. And she got me into squirrels. And she's young, and she's full of energy. But… she's dying… in that, it's out there. It might be in two weeks. It might be in 12 years. But it's out there, and it's looming over me. And my heart can't take it. I made a mistake. I shouldn't have gotten another dog. It's too much. I'm… Don't judge me. I'm gonna put her to sleep now. I just… I need it to be done. And you know what? In my defense… in the scope of history… whether she dies tomorrow when I put her to sleep, which I'm doing… Or she dies naturally in 12 years, it's not even a blip in the scope of history. It's the same exact time. So, I'm right. And I… And she won't die in vain, 'cause I'll crucify her. Oh, my God. How cute would that be? I didn't tell you, she's little, and she's got, like, long legs. And, like, her feet kind of naturally do that thing anyway. And then like: Oh, I would have to break her arms. I would. Listen, if you wanna be a legend, you've gotta suffer. You think Jesus would be famous if we put him down like a household pet? No. Jesus, son of God… died for your sins… uh, in his sleep while surrounded by his favorite toys? That's ridiculous.I'm gonna… Okay. I'm gonna be indulgent… and tell a story that's just a true story. Um… It's about one of my sisters. I have three sisters. This is about one of them. Um… I won't say which one. But… her name is Jodyne. Um, Jodyne went to Boston University. And if you're familiar with BU, they have coed dorms. Which most universities have now. Um… But they have coed bathrooms in the coed dorms. And Jodyne, uh, got the drunkest she had ever been her freshman year, like so many freshmen do. And she stumbled back to her room, and she managed to get her, uh, jeans off, you know, and just passed out in a T-shirt and underwear. And a few minutes later, the room started spinning. And she ran to the bathroom, and she started throwing up. And she's vomiting. And while she's vomiting, she can feel that somebody is tugging her underwear down. But she couldn't turn around or stop it, um, because she was throwing up so hard. And she's vomiting and vomiting, and they're tugging her underwear down. It's going down, all the way down to the ground. And she finally finishes throwing up, and she whips her head around to see who's there. But she didn't see anybody. Because she had been shitting herself. That's… That's a true story. I'm gonna say… Like, I would call that a relief laugh. Or, like, a release laugh. I know that I'm your show. But you have to understand, like, you're my show. And you were so beautiful. You were so… You had so much empathy. You were so worried. You could hear a pin drop in this story. It was so nice. And, you know, I understand. You thought she was gonna get raped. And she thought she was gonna get raped. She thought she was about to get raped. And I've really thought about this. And I… I think this may be one of the only scenarios where you can look down at a pair of underwear… just: Just filled with your own shit… and think, “Oh, thank God.” Oh, my God. “Oh, literally, yay.”My sister came to visit me. Not the “shitting in her pants” sister, but the, um… My oldest sister. Although, I'm sure she's shit her pants. She's a Silverman, after all. Uh, no, this is my oldest sister, Susie. She is a rabbi. She lives in Jerusalem. Um… “Oh, my God, a godless comedian” and, like, a total God-person rabbi are sisters? “What must that be like?” is something you can muse about in the car. So, Susie came to town. And she said, “Sarah, I'm meeting my friend Amber tomorrow.” And then she told me all about Amber. She's like, “Amber is so amazing.” She was born and raised in Ethiopia. She single-handedly ran an orphanage there. She's so inspiring. I'm meeting her tomorrow at 8 a.m. “Can we use your apartment to meet?” And I said, “Of course, sure.” You know. “Use your key. I'll be sleeping. But, yeah.” So, the next morning, she forgot her key, of course. And she's knocking at the door, and I go to answer the door. My eyes are, like, glued shut. And I open the door, and she goes, “Sarah, this is Amber.” And I said, “Amber, it's so nice to meet you. I've heard so much about you.” And I grabbed her hand. And her hand was a hook. And… Not important to the story, just for color, both of her hands were hooks. But, um… I was in too deep. I just… I shook it. I shook her hook. And it was such a false moment, too. I'm sure she would have appreciated if I was like: “You have a hook for a hand. I don't know what the etiquette is.” And she'd be like, “Thank you for being real with me.” Nobody's ever real with me. “Yes, you can shake it, whatever.” And then we would be real friends, and we'd probably have inside jokes, and that's how it plays out in my mind. But… I just shook her hook as if to say: “This is what a hand feels like to me.” Bye. And went back to sleep. And pretended it was all a neat dream. But Jesus Christ, rabbi. She must have told me nine things about Amber. Two of them should have been hooks, right? I'm not being an asshole. Minimum. She's got hooks for hands. She's amazing. She lives in Ethiopia. She single-handedly ran an… That would have made more sense. She's brilliant, she's inspiring. Double back, just a reminder… she's got hooks for hands. But not Susie, not the rabbi. She doesn't see color. She doesn't even see hands. That's how amazing she is.I'm a… I'm a… I'm a very sexual person. Um… You can always tell a sexual person because they, um, tell you as a segue to their next bit in their stand-up act. It's kind of a little hint. I am, though. I… I know that it's cool to talk crazy during sex, and I… I have tried that. And it doesn't work for me, because I just… I find that the truth, uh, gets in the way, I guess. Like, I… Like, “God, your cock is so… Oh, no, never… It was a shadow.” What I do, I feel like, is way crazier. I like to talk crazy right after sex. When things have calmed down a beat. Get right in his face, real quiet. “What do you think would happen if I went to the hospital” and got a rape exam right now? Yeah, what do you think? You think they'd find your semen all over and inside me? ‘Cause I do. Oh, I really do. Maybe you should tickle my back till I fall asleep. “Is that a good idea, motherfucker?” My boyfriend's foreign, so, then I get, like, really nose to nose with him and go, “USA's number one.” He'll be like, “Number one in what?” “You don't worry about it.” It's important to us that we're number one. “Juvenile diabetes.” What is the etiquette…? I don't know if there are, like, any Emily Post-ish people here. But for postcoital cuddling, uh, or after-sex cuddling, if you're stupid, what is the…? What is the etiquette for where I would put my… “his asshole” fingers? Is it just straight out to the side? Or… under a pillow? Or just… Just sever it. Just cut it off completely. That's… That's what happened to Amber's hands. I'm kidding, you guys. Come on. Relax. It was land mines when she was 7. Look, sometimes I like to end a joke with a sad truth. Thank you, Jodyne. You're killing it, Sarah.We give our daughters Barbie dolls so that they have an image of what they should look like when they grow up that is not attainable so that they can learn that they're a piece of shit and they should kill themselves. It's so important. We have to teach them young. I'm not sure, uh… who designs the schematics of these Barbie dolls, or Bratz dolls, or any of the sex-worker dolls. I'm not sure who we're protecting. Uh… Where the obscenity lies, or… Okay, so, Barbie. Like, her legs are twice the length of the rest of her body. And her feet are just: They're just on tiptoes. She can only wear high heels. She couldn't wear flats if she wanted to. When she's taking a shit at 3 in the morning, she's in heels. ‘Cause she's a lady. Her breasts… Okay. So, uh… she only has, like, the big, fat, shiny part of the breast that guys jerk off to. We have to protect our daughters… from the life-nourishing nipple. We… That's just too obscene. No nipples. We can't have our daughters seeing what nourishes life. Just the part that can sandwich a hard cock. No pubic hair. That is attainable. You're right, audience. You know what? Thanks for keeping me honest. That's important. It is attainable. Not everybody can pull that look off, but yes. People always want Angelina Jolie's lips. And I'm not bragging. I basically have Angelina Jolie's lips. It's not all it's cracked up to be. But, um, mine are in my underpants. But… That's why I like a nice… groomed but triangular… nuanced bush. That doesn't technically make sense, but it sounded fancy. I did a, um…Art reflects life. Okay? And then, uh, life informs art, you know? And then, um… But we don't… Movies, I don't feel like really reflect life totally for women. It's more of like a male's projection of it. It's getting a little better, but even in artsy-fartsy movies, like, if you see a woman masturbating in a scene, she's always on her back. All dreamy and sexy. She's never on her stomach, dead-eyed and slack-jawed, like it is. It's work. We learn what love is from movies and television, and it's ruined love for us. Romantic comedies, all that shit, it's ruined love. We… It's taught us that we are incomplete people who need to find that one person in the whole world that will complete us. I promise you, there are thousands of people that are perfectly good matches for any one of you. And I don't want to be complete… I don't… I'm working very hard to be a complete person every day, you know? I don't… I don't wanna make you whole. I want you to come whole. I want you to be in… And I know I just said “come hole.” Another thing Barbie does not have. That would be a really weird feminist stance. “Why doesn't Barbie have a come hole?” “I don't know. What is that? It's subjective.” Noted.I did a fundraiser here a few years ago with, um, my friend Lizz Winstead's organization, Lady Parts Justice. Check it out. And, uh, it was basically… I always say it was like a, you know, um, “right to choose” kind of thing. But it was, technically, literally, just for women in Texas. Because, at the time, every abortion clinic was being shut down in Texas. They were down to five. It's since gotten much worse. But, um… And we just literally wanted to raise money to give to women in Texas so they could, like, hire a babysitter while they drive 12 hours to get an abortion. Or an affordable mammogram, or a, you know, pap smear, or whatever. And, uh, so, we did this show, and there were protestors outside. Um, you know, “right to life,” uh, Westboro Baptist Church-y, NPR people. And… Not NPR. NRA. That is… They are different. Completely different tote bags. Um, and they were outside protesting. And I'm not gonna shit on them, because I am them. We're the same. You know, I'm the product of how I was raised. I was raised by a couple of liberal bleeding-heart Democrat Jews, and now I am one. And I would love to think that I'd get there on my own, but probably not. I'm the product of how I was raised. And these people were raised by people who loved them who said, “There are people out there that want to murder babies.” If I was that kid, I'd be like, “We have to stop them.” And I'd be outside there protesting. So, I went outside, and I just wanted to say hi and show a warm, friendly face to baby murderer. And I said, uh, “Hey, hi. Isn't it great…? I just wanna say”, isn't it great that we live in a country where I can put on this show because it's something that I believe in, and you can protest this show because of what you believe in, “and we can occupy the same space peacefully?” And he said, “God, you're totally right.” I'm just kidding. He goes, “You're going to hell.” And I was like, “Okay, nice to meet you.” But there was, like, a 9-year-old girl there with a little pink cardigan. And she had a huge… She had a sign, like, twice her size. And it said, uh, “Abortion is bloody murder.” And the “bloody” was, like, in red paint, dripping down. And that was the first time I was like, “Oh, they had to go to, like,” Michaels or Blick's or something and buy crafts. “Hobby Lobby, probably.” And she goes: “God hates you.” And I was like, “Do you really think God hates?” And she goes, “Yeah, he hates you.” And then… Oh, I told her a doodie joke. And she was like: It really is the great unifier. But she is right. Abortion does kill, like, your whole day. It literally sucks the life out of you. Look, I know those last two jokes, they aren't smart. They have nothing deep to say. They're just wordplay. But I love them like my… very own aborted fetuses. Um… Put a pin in that. Congratulations, Texas. Texas was almost the third state… uh, but then a judge put the kibosh on it. You should know this. I'm not blaming you for not knowing about this law, because we've been… Just atrocity after atrocity has been coming at us every day. But you're not gonna believe this. It's true. They have a law where if you get an abortion in those states or have a miscarriage, you are responsible for paying for a funeral for the fetal tissue. What? What? Crazy. And heinous. And I want to speak at those funerals so bad. He died the way he lived. The size of a sesame seed with no discernable brain function. He will be returned now to the soil… where he will… I don't know, get eaten by a cricket, maybe. So, anyway, this fundraiser. This is the thing, is the religious right knows that it will be a bear of a… Not the religious right. I guess the government now… knows that it would be a bear of a job. To overturn Roe v. Wade, to just make abortion illegal all at once. So, what they do is they chip away at it from the sides, you know. They make little laws, insincere laws, that kind of are an ends to their means. You know, uh, “All right, uh, your clinic has to have hallways” that are 18 feet wide.” And then the clinics are like, “We can't…” We don't have… I mean, that would cost… We couldn't afford to… “. “Well, I guess you're gonna have to close, then, aren't you?” You know, it's very, uh, Boss Hogg from Dukes of Hazzard or something. You know, like, smashing your headlights and going: “Looks like you can't drive. You got a smashed headlight.” It's exactly that. And violating… Uh… Infantilizing laws about abortion where women have to think about it. Go home for three days and think about it. Yeah, I think I've been thinking about it, fuckface. Or, like… Violating ultrasounds, you know, where they shove a camera inside you and make you look at the ultrasound and see the life in your uterus. And…Put a pin in that for a second. Because I have another fun fact for you you're gonna love. This is true. Scientists have known this for almost two decades. If you believe in science. That… And this is it. Sperm can smell. I know… I know sperm can… We all know sperm can smell. But… Sperm cells… Seashells by the seashore. Sarah, come on, focus. This is a big night. This is serious, though. Sperm cells have a sense of smell. They have olfactory senses. That's true. And you know what that means. That means that sperm is life. And you know what that means. We've gotta legislate that shit. We have to protect the babies. I… I just wanna save the unborn babies. That's all I'm worried about, and this is what we're gonna do. The next time you feel like you're gonna jerk off into a gym sock or down your shower drain or, uh… I don't know why, I peg you as an “on the belly” guy. It doesn't matter, though. It doesn't matter. Whatever your jerk-off style, there is no judgment here. I was right, wasn't I? I have a sense. If only that was a superpower that could help the world. But… This is what we're gonna do. Before you do jerk off, whatever style it is… Um… I feel like keeping going. Like… you are like a hands-free fucking the mattress. Like, you're just flat… Blink once if… I knew it! You guys are humoring me. You guys are nice. All right. Come on, Sarah. Before you do it, you're gonna come on down to the clinic. We're gonna take a long, thin… Like a knitting-needle-shaped GoPro camera, basically. It's gonna go up your urethra, your penis hole. Up, up, up. Really picture it. And then down, down into your testicular sac. We're gonna bring the ultrasound around, and you're gonna be able to actually see the life in your balls. I truly believe… that most men will not even want to jerk off after that. And that's a beautiful thing.Show business is so weird. I don't know why this is when it really struck me. But I did an episode… A few years ago, I did that show, The Good Wife. Okay? And it's, like, a law drama. And it was really fun. And maybe it's 'cause I was, like, sitting and watching a lot of them shoot. You would never believe how show business works. It's so crazy. Like, okay. Let's see if I can explain this. Like… It's… So, this scene is a big boardroom scene, right, 'cause it's a law drama. And it's got a bunch of characters in it. And they're all talking, and all this shit happens in it. So, the first shot they do, they do a big, wide shot of the whole scene with all the characters and everything. They do that a few times. Then they go in close and they shoot, like, a tight shot where it's just, like… You only see, like, three of the characters. And when they exit that scene, like, in our minds we see the whole room because we've seen it before. But in reality, when they're shooting it, the rest of the room isn't even there. It's, like, filled up with, like, reflecting boards and cameras and lights and, you know, all this other shit, you know. I don't know all the words. Cameramen and, uh, all that shit. So, it's like, uh, Christine Baranski will go: “I want those papers on my desk Monday morning.” And she's literally in her skirt suit and heels. Christine Baranski in a ball because she can't leave entirely, 'cause there's so much shit blocking the way. But she has to get as low as possible so she doesn't block the lights for the rest of the scene, for the actors that are still in the scene. So, she's like this. And then Josh Charles is like: “She's a piece of work. I'll see you Monday.” Everything you watch is that.I just burped. I'm a human being. I was, uh… Three weeks ago, I was at a red light. No, put a pin in that for a second. Okay. I took an acting class when I was 10 in New Hampshire. This goes together. And, first of all, this acting teacher was mean. I remember he said, like, um… Oh, one assignment was, bring in your favorite song and, like, act out to it. And then I brought in my favorite song, which is, like, um…  Just a city boy Born and raised…  “Don't Stop Believin'.” Sorry. And, like, I thought that acting was mouthing it. So, I was like: And he went bananas on me. And you know, I wish at 10 I had the wherewithal to be like: “You know what? He's probably going through something.” “That's his.” No. I didn't know to do that when I was 10. I just assumed I was a piece of shit. But that's not the story I wanted to tell. So, the first day of acting class, he said this: “Acting…” “is reacting.” And I'm like, “What does that mean?” Like, “re”? I knew “re” meant again. So, I was like, “Acting again?”Anyway… Three weeks ago, I was at a red light. And I was like: “Oh, reacting.” Right. Oh, yeah. I agree with that, yes. Acting is reacting. “You should have said it that way.” Latent… realizations. That's the theme of this chunk when I do my special. Latent… Latent realizations. Like… Okay, I had to go to sleepaway camp… every year since I was 6 years old. And, uh, it was terrible for me because I was a chronic bed wetter till I was, like, 15. So, it was a nightmare. I learned a lot of skills, like complete disassociation. Making a cot over soaking-wet sheets while I stink like piss and pretending like that's not the case. What kind of parents would send a chronic bed wetter to sleepaway camp? They must be monsters. No. They're not monsters. Here's the thing. Okay. Like, my dad… his dad beat the shit out of him every day. And then during the school year he was sent away to goyim. To boarding school. I'm sorry. To boarding school. And then at boarding school… he got the shit kicked out of him every day, called a dirty Jew kike, because it was back when, like… America was great. And… And then in the… All right. That was pretty good. And then in the summertime, he went to camp and blossomed and was a star and was, like, everything he wanted to be. And so, parents, they just think… You know, he just thought, “No, camp is great.” It will define her. It will be her joy. Because that's what it was for me.” You know? So, I had to go to camp. And as a compromise, he would give me joke books. Because I loved jokes. And then, also, maybe I'd make friends that way. So, I remember the summer I was 8 because I had just learned to read when I was 7. Someone in the audience when I was in Vermont was like, “I was 4.” Fucking good for you. I was 7. I learned to read when I was 7. So, I was 8, I was excited. I had books. I was gonna read. And my dad has no boundaries. I don't know if he flipped through these at all or didn't. Um, but it was Truly Tasteless Jokes book one and two. And I remember the first joke on the first page. It was a paragraph long, but I can tell it in two seconds. It was “Little Red Riding Hood, blah, blah, blah.” And then the big bad wolf is like, ‘I'm gonna eat you.' And then Little Red Riding Hood's like, ‘Eat, eat, eat. “Doesn't anybody fuck anymore?'” And I'm like, “What does this mean?” Then when I was 30 I was like, “Oh, Jesus Christ.” That's so inappropriate.” He was, uh… My dad isn't… He has no boundaries. He's not approp… I don't really… He… He treated us like bros. Like, um, I remember one time when I was really young, he and my mom went on a double date. And when he came home, he, like, plopped down on the front hall… There was, like, a bench in the front hall. And I was sitting there, and I asked him how it went. And he was like, “Oh, it was the fucking worst.” Uh, we were supposed to go out with the Sterlings, and then only Mr. Sterling showed up. Because he said Mrs. Sterling had her period. And when she gets her period, it comes out like liver. “And I'm like, ‘I don't need to know that.'” I was like, “Dad, I get it.” Like, I'm 5, and I don't even need to know that.” But my dad, um… Camp was where he thrived. And, like, they're still his best friends to this day. His best friends are his friends from camp. And he's about to be 80, and they're having a reunion, even. And he has a picture of all of them, uh, when they became counselors. And it's amazing. It's from 1953. And I said, “Dad, you have to send me this.” And he sent it to me with, like, a glossary of who everybody is and what they're doing now. And it's like: “This is Phil Holman. He's a judge now.” This is Arnie Goldstein. You know, he owns Martin's House of Cloth. This is Danny Gold. Danny Gold once gave Punchy Kramer a BJ and we all watched. This is Cy Schwartz. He works at the Clam King. This is bah, bah, bah. He da, da, da. This is Morris Simon. This is Punchy Kramer. “This is, you know, blah, blah, blah.” I'm like, “Dad, open with it or close with it.” He has no sense. So, he went to camp all the way up until he became a counselor. And, uh, you know, we think of counselors, like, as grown-ups. But, you know, they're 16-year-old kids. So, for each camper, he had to fill out a form, uh, every week for each camper. And it would say, like, “Is he behaving?” Is he sleeping? Did he brush his teeth? “Did he go to the bathroom?” And under that it said, “L-H.” And my dad didn't know what that meant. But he was too embarrassed to ask anybody. So, he just used his logic, and he's like, “Okay.” It comes after bathroom, so it must mean… “‘loose or hard.'” So, for a summer… My dad had his campers come get him… after they took shits… so that he could go look at them… and make a rough guesstimate… if it was indeed loose or hard. I love that so much. It just means there's, like, a generation of old men in therapy… who are like: “Well, I did have a camp counselor that was, like, obsessed with my shits. Is that…?” You were sexually abused. Oh, it meant “letter home.” But thank God he didn't ask. That would have been so embarrassing.My parents got divorced when I was 7. And my mom went back to college to get her degree. And my sisters were older. So, I got babysat by nuns. I went to, like, a nun… A convent, I guess. But it looked like a… Like a Victorian house or something, where nuns were. And they had day care. And I have since met amazing nuns. These were not them. These were cunts. They… They were. They hit us. It was… I had not been hit before, you know. And I was so scared of them. Like, if we weren't sleeping on our, like, little mats during nap time, they would hit us. And then, like, um, for lunch we would go out into the woods, 'cause it's New Hampshire, and they gave us these peanut-butter-and-jelly sandwiches, and we had to eat the whole thing, or they would hit us. And I loved peanut butter and jelly. But this was different. It was peanut butter and jam. And jam is… I hadn't experienced jam before. It's like… It's different. It has, like, pieces in it. But we had to eat the whole thing, or they would hit us. I was so scared, I… ‘Cause I didn't know I could take a punch at that time. And I… Okay, wait. Put a pin in that. Put a pin in that while I tell you something. This is human behavior, that we tell ourselves horror… Horror stories. Horror stories. Horror stories. Horror stories. Horror. Horror stories. We tell ourselves… I said it too many times. We tell ourselves horror stories. That's just the human condition. You know, like we go, uh, “I have to pass that crack in the road before that car passes me, or I'll die.” That wasn't just you. That's everybody. Everybody does that. My therapist says it's how we deal with mortality. Um, so, I was eating this peanut-butter-and-jam sandwich, and I was telling myself horror stories. And the horror story was… this jam is the nuns' period blood. But I had to eat it all. I was so scared of getting hit. I ate it like this. And I gobbled it down. I don't know what… put in my head that… jam would, you know, have, like, chunky liver-like pieces in it.Okay, I'm gonna try to tell you this story. I almost died this summer. I really almost died this summer. I, um… I was on the road. Had a shitty sore throat. Didn't think much about it. Kind of turned into a cold, that kind of thing. Uh, then I came home, and I got that same sore throat again. So, I go, “Ehh, I'm home. I'll go to the doctor.” Which I never do. So, I went to the doctor. And, uh, he made me wait, like, a long time. And I was going to go, like, “Oh, fuck this.” But I stayed. He looks down my throat, and he's like: “We're going to the emergency room.” I had a… Like an abscess at the top of my… windpipe, which is where your breathing comes from. So, um, like, this abscess was either gonna grow another millimeter and stop my breathing and I would die, or it was gonna explode, and it's filled with poison, and that would kill me. Um… Don't be scared. It's really rare. It's not going to happen to you. Unless it does, I guess. But… So, I had to go to the hospital. And then, um, they put me under, like, a general… Like a… Some sort of drug just to chill me out before surgery. And, like, unbeknownst to me, they're telling my, uh, friend Amy and my boyfriend, Michael, they're like, um, “This is a very dangerous surgery.” She might not make it. You know, it's very risky.” Blah, blah, blah. Meanwhile, I feel fine. And I'm just like, “I'm not high enough.” I was complaining that I wasn't high enough. And I can tell you exactly what happened because Amy had the utter distaste to record this whole thing. So… You just see me going like, “I'm not high enough.” And then they're like, “You're okay.” And then I proved to them that I wasn't high enough, um, by explaining Brexit. And it was very nuanced, and I had opinions. It was, like, really perfect. Like, you can hear the anesthesiologist go, like: “Wow, she's right on.” And, um… And then, uh, you see me, like, getting wheeled out. And then, um, like, Michael and Amy couldn't come with me, like, past the operating-room doors or whatever. So, as I'm leaving, I said to Michael… Which is something we like to do, if the elevator doors are closing or something: “I wanna see other people.” And then… And then the last thing you see on the video is me looking into her phone and going like, “Play this in slow motion on my death reel.” So, um… So, then I had this surgery. And I lived. And, um… But it was really… It was a rough week because I have very low blood pressure, I guess. And so, they couldn't put me to sleep for it. And so, I had to have… Once the surgery was done, they put a breathing tube down my throat. And then because it's human nature if you're awake to pull something that's in your throat out, they had to tie my hands down. So, every time I would wake up, I would go to pull this thing out of my throat. And then I would see that my hands were tied down, and then I just thought what anyone would think in that situation, which is, “I've been captured by ISIS.” And it was so scary. And then a sister would have to come to my side and be like, “Sweetie, you're okay. You just had surgery. They have to have your hand…” You know, and then I would understand. And then I would fall asleep, and a minute later I would wake up and the whole thing would happen again. And it was really scary. It was a nightmare. I don't remember… Like, I was awake, but I don't remember anything. And there were a few funny stories. Like, um… I would be really itchy. The medicine that was in me was so itchy. But my hands were tied down. And my sisters would fight with the nurses to just let one hand free so I could scratch. So, they finally did. And, uh, it was… like, I had an itch, like, just vagina-adjacent. And I… It felt… It was, like, so much relief. And then my friend John was standing in the corner. And I guess… I don't remember this. I was told this. I pulled my hand out and then I, like, served it to John. And then, another time, like, my hands were tied down. And, um… That I served it? And then, um… He was like: In my mind. I don't remember. Oh, another time… I was told, a nurse was in the room, and I, somehow, like, even though I had no mouth or hands, but I, like, made it clear to her, like, it was an emergency. I had to tell her something. And they had given me paper and a pencil. And I'm writing, and it's, like, so important. And I finally finish, and then I show it to her, and she looks, and it just says, “Do you live with your mother?” With a picture of a dick. And, I mean… it's really proof that once your conscious mind is out of the way, it's just, like, sheer comic genius.You guys, we've reached the denouement. Were you making a noise because you're impressed that I knew that word? Thank you. You've been very vocal, but in the perfect amount. You're welcome. Like, the next time you wanna, like, be like, “Yay,” for me or something, let's do this. You can go like this: Okay, the denouement. Did I say it right? Now we're gonna have to, like, pick up a shot of you going: Um, yeah, because we're here. Um… Jesus is coming back. Oh, on my back. That's what it is. It was water. He turned it to come. How clever is that? I don't know if there's God. I mean, I cannot imagine there's God. But I don't know. Neither do you, you know? But if there is God, it's a God that's, like, totally fine with murder and, uh, children starving and… spin class. You know, all the… All the atrocities of life. I take… Spin class is great, if you love being punched in the vagina 70 times a minute. While just an ocean… Thank you, Steve Agee. While just an ocean of white people are singing the N-word with such glee. It's because they play hip-hop music in there. Did I need to say that? Oh, my gosh. Were you guys like, “Is that what they do in there?” “Can I burn calories doing that?” Yes. I feel… I feel like a fraud because I feel like I talk so much about God and Jesus and all this stuff, and… I'm embarrassed to admit this, but I'm going to admit it. I have not read the Bible. I've tried. I have tried. In my defense, it's unreadable. It's so boring. It's so dense. But it's, like, not as deep as it thinks it is. And it just reads like a super-shitty Game of Thrones spec script or something.When is that coming back, Game of Thrones? - Not until… - June. - April? - June. - June. - June? It just was June. Oh, my God. I love it so much. It's not perfect. It isn't perfect, though. It's like they… ‘Cause, look, everybody wears 900 pounds of armor. Then nothing from here to here. They just have this area to breathe. You know what the number one cause of death is in Game of Throne-y times? Neck stabs. Head-chopped-offs. Throat slits. I'm just saying, there's a blacksmith in the fictional past that should be fired.The app that I do Twitter with, I can, um… I just sounded so old saying that. The app that I do Twitter with, it's like I can schedule tweets. Which I like, because sometimes I'll think of two, three tweets. I don't wanna spoil you. I space them out. Many years ago now, the beginning of Twitter, practically, I scheduled a tweet. I scheduled it for 8:05 p.m. Pacific Time. Why would I remember that? Because at 8 p.m. Pacific Time… we captured and killed Osama bin Laden. The Twitterverse was aflame. At 8:05… I tweeted: “Why do my dog's doodies come out cold?” Let me just remind you, I scheduled that tweet. That's how good I thought it was. And I feel a little bit like Peter Sellers in Being There. Like, people put more depth on me than I have at all. I bet there were people that saw that tweet and were like: “You know what? That was cold. But it is our duty.”Okay, this is how I'm gonna end. I'm guessing this is a pretty godless crowd. Um, I like to… I've been on the road, and I like to end by asking if there's a… Now I feel like a bully because it's so godless. Usually when I'm in the rest of the country, I'm the only godless one, and then I don't feel like an asshole. But are there any guys here that believe in God? Not like, “I believe there's something.” I mean, like, an organized religion. Like Christian, Muslim, Jewish, bah, bah, bah… You've got, like, five seconds to raise your hand, if you're close. Yeah, I didn't think so. Really? Can you come up closer to me so that I'm in the light? But just come up to the stage. What's your religion? Uh… I would say I'm Christian. You would say you're Christian? There's, like, a lot of different words we could use. I'm Protestant. I would probably classify myself as Lutheran. All right. Okay. What is your name, sir? - Troy. - Hi, Troy. - Hi. - Thank you for doing this. This is very brave. We're in Los Angeles. It's very godless. I draw the godless out. So, I don't want you to feel bullied or something. It's okay. I raised my hand voluntarily. What did you say your name was? Troy? - Troy. - Oh, okay. That's fun. All right, Troy. I'm dying to ask this question. I'm so excited there's a God person here. All right, you're a Christian. - Right. - Protestant area. This is a question… that I think should be one of the big questions, even. Okay. Yes or no… would you let God come in your mouth? - No, no. - No? - No. - Okay, go back to your seat. Oh, my God, no. Thank you very much. Thank you, Troy. No. That's mind-blowing to me. And yet not unique. Not a unique answer, I'll tell you that. I would say the answer has to be yes. Um, but I will tell you that as I've been touring the country, 80 percent, at least, of men say no, like Troy. So, congratulations on not being unique. And yet being wrong, in my opinion. That is, uh, so petty, I think. You know, it's like, up until now, Troy, you're saying, “God…” I know that there's AIDS and rape and famine and genocide and murder. But I know you have a plan, and I am your servant. Unless you're serving come. “Then I'm out.” That's so petty. God told Abraham to kill his son. And you know what Abraham said? “No problem. Chip! Get down here!” I know, I didn't read the Bible, but everybody knows Abraham's son was Chip. And Abraham was gonna murder his son. And then right before he did, God was like, “I'm kidding.” Can I come in your mouth?” Abraham's like, “Is that a test of my faith?” God's like, “Sure. Yes.” And then God came in Abraham… This is turning into fan fiction. But God came in Abraham's mouth. And Abraham's like: “Wow, I really thought that you were gonna stop at the last second like you did with the killing my…” Or I guess he'd be like, “Like you did with the killing my son.” God's like, “I work in mysterious ways.”Thank you guys so much. - Okay. - I'm sharp as a tack. - There you go. - But they did just put something in intravenously. And it… And it feels like maybe… I'm getting high. Am I getting high? It feels like… It's not that big a deal, actually. It's not very intense. I feel like I could give a… I could argue a political side. Mm-hm. So, tell me… Talk me through Brexit. Brexit is like, you know, the same people that, uh… name their kids… Bentley 'cause they think that's classy. They are the people voting for Brexit. Completely unknowing, innocent. Uh… Thinking it's in their best interest. They're voting completely against their best interest. These things that the EU provide their lives to make them livable. Uh, they've just ousted that. And they're counting on the NHS, and that was a big sham promise. Mm-hm. Uh… You know. So, what are you gonna do? There are a lot of Bentleys in the world. A lot of Mercedes and Porsches. And they're gonna be strippers. But some of them might be Supreme Court justices. Mm-hm. And I have hope. And I believe in people. We're all just listening to the same… To different sets of lies. Maybe you should… - And she's still making sense, too. - Maybe you should give her more. I am. I don't feel very high. No, that's right. No, no. That's good. You're perfect. You know… just if people were spoken to… This is what she's like every day. By people who don't have agendas and can just honestly make an earnest decision based on what they think is best for themselves and the country, we would have wild success all around. I know, right? But we don't have that, unfortunately. I'm not high yet at all. This stuff is shit. Well… They're gonna roll me into the ER and put me to sleep for a few days with a breathing tube. Some kind of new diet. Is that what you were expecting when you woke up? That wasn't what I was expecting.- Okay. - Bye. I love you both so much. - I love you. - See you soon. See you on the flip side. Michael, I wanna see other people. Damn you. Okay, we love you. Love you. Bye-bye. Play that last bit in slow motion on my death reel.
Hey, I like your knee socks. They're not knee socks. They're fashion tights. It's all one… whatever. You wouldn't get it. Yeah, I do. You mean they're opaque black up to the thigh, sheer black up top. Yeah, that's… that's exactly right. Yeah, I like it. I think it's hot. Yeah, I like it too. I've just been really into, like, wearing my thighs out lately. I feel like it's sexualish and superpowery. Mmm, you like that superpower sex, huh? Yeah! Yes, I see why you think that's funny. Like in your world, that's probably really clever wordplay. Could you guys buzz off? I'm trying to focus. Focus on what? The wall? “Focus on what? The wall?” That's what you sound like. No, I'm shooting a special here for HBO. Maybe you've heard of it. It's kind of a big deal. At Largo? That's, like, barely 300 seats. Well, I'm actually doing it in the… the littler room. The little room? That's like 50 seats. 39 with the fire marshal code. Whatever! Hey, you need to call your agent. Can't be doing no HBO special for 39 people! That's like super tiny. It's called intimate, fuckface! What's that, pot? Mmm mmm. It's a bunch of stuff. Hey, tell us a joke. What do you call a car full of Mexicans? What? Pains in my ass… …hole.Please put your hands together for Miss Sarah Silverman. Tell me I'm great. What? Tell me I'm great! Tell me I'm great! You're crazy-8. Crazy great. Oh. I very rarely, occasionally, obsessively watch porn on my phone. And when I do, I integrate it into my nighttime rituals. I wash my face. I floss. I take a puff. Then I brush. Then I do my stretches. Then I type in my search words. Let me just say, my search words are not anything I would want to happen in real life. I don't know why they're my search words, but they are. A great man once said, “The heart wants what it wants.” So my search words are: gangbang… would not want that to happen in real life; um, amateur… 'cause I don't like seeing, like, piercings and tattoos… it takes me out of it; cum… which I would not have thought you had to put “cum.” I thought that was a given in pornography. You have to put “cum.” If you don't, you might not get cum. If anything, I would think you'd put non-cum if you don't want cum. And then there's one more. Oh, high-fives. So… I put my iPhone… I lean it against my water on my nightstand. And… I think I'm maybe the only person that watched this video all the way till the end end end, like when the video freezes. It's, of course, a gangbang and, you know, basically ends with all the guys coming on the lady's face. And… I don't know why face was the quiet word there. All the men come on the lady's face. And then right before the video freezes, I heard a guy say to her, “Hey, great job. I know you were sick.” You find humanity… in the oddest of places.So my mom was in the hospital and I visited her. I don't need segues. The brain doesn't work that way. A train of thought bounces around from thing to thing. But anyway, speaking of a whole bunch of men coming on a lady's face, my mother's been sick. And I visited her in the hospital and she said, “It's weird, you know?” There was this Jewish volunteer service that came by and they were visiting the Jewish patients, which is nice, but isn't that so, like, elitist? Like what, do they, like, banana around the non-Jewish patients? Like, “None for you.” But my mother's last name is O'Hara. She married a John O'Hara. And she said, “They visited me. Like, how they did know I was Jewish?” And we looked into it and it turns out they count how many times you press the call button.I had a, um… you ever have a memory and you… that you haven't had since the event happened? You know what I mean? It's so crazy. I had this memory of being like three and I would shower with my mother. And, like, my mom's… okay, my mom got her water from the showerhead, like that's where she would get her water with which to cleanse herself. That water would then cascade down her ample bosom and, like, pike off of her '70s Jew bush… that was my water. And that's the thing, it was a happy memory. I associate it with happy. I don't know why. Like, it was my very own curly shower or something. Maybe because we didn't need words. You know, it wasn't like she was like, “You get your water from my pubes,” you know. We didn't need any of that. It was like I was… I was like a native that knew you could get water from this leaf or something. It was very… animalistic.I was a bedwetter well into my teens. And when you're a bedwetter, there's only one group of people you can feel better than: bedshitters. And unfortunately they're hard to come by. You know? I love this… The HBO 39. But I grew up in New Hampshire, and there are not many Jews in New Hampshire. And we… we weren't really raised with any religion. We were just Jewish in that it oozed out of our pores, you know. Um, but I didn't feel so different until maybe like around third grade. Kids started blaming me for my people killing Jesus. I remember even then thinking, “It's not like we killed baby Jesus.” I mean, the man, like… He had quite a run. He was 33. 33 is young. If someone dies now at 33, it's terrible. But I mean, back then, in the olden oldie-timey times… 33 was like elderly. 33… dying at 33 was like he had a full life, you know. And by the way, you're welcome. If we had not killed him, he wouldn't even be famous.You know, and nothing seems crazy when you're used to it. There's so much crazy shit everywhere. We're used to it. And everything seems crazy when you're not used to it. That's why so many comics make fun of Scientology, right? Because like… well, because it's a batshit crazy religion, but it's no more batshit crazy than, like, every single religion. It's just new, you know. Christianity is super old, but it's fucking crazy. I mean, it's… you're born a sinner. By being born, you are a sinner and you're going to hell. But you can just apologize and then you can go to heaven. No big deal. If you're a murderer… same thing, it's just apologize and go to heaven. You can be Hitler and go to confession and say, “Forgive me, Father, I killed six million Jews.” And the priest would just be like, “No problem. Say 10 ‘Heil' Marys.” And Hitler goes to heaven. Hitler goes to heaven… is the name of my band. Scientology is weird because it's new. It's… it feels weird in our ear holes to hear people worshipping a guy named Ron. We know Rons in our life. He had to change his name to “L. Ron” because there was another Ron Hubbard in the Writer's Guild. That's how recent a religion it is. And people who follow their religion to the letter of the law are just silly. I mean, I want to tell Hasidic Jews, “I promise you, God will not mind if you wear a nice cotton blend in the summer. You're being fucking ridiculous!”But we live in the greatest country in the world. A country where we have freedom of religion and separation of church and state, only we don't at all and nobody says anything 'cause we're used to it. It says, “In God we trust” on our money. It says, “In God we trust” above the judge's bench in a courtroom, in a court of law where you have to put your hand on a Bible… the Christian Bible. It's not my Bible. I mean, if… if I tell the truth, it's because I tell the truth, not because I put my hand on a book and made a wish. It's fucking crazy. That's craziness.And stop telling girls they can be anything they want when they grow up. I think… I think it's a mistake. Not because they can't, but because it would've never occurred to them they couldn't. You're planting that seed in their heads. It's like saying, “Hey, when you get in the shower, I'm not gonna read your diary.” “Hold on. Are you gonna read my diary?” “What? Are you crazy? I just said I'm not gonna read your diary. Get in the shower.” Girls grow up so fast. It's like they don't have childhoods anymore. They're sexualized so early, you know. I… a girlfriend of mine has a little baby girl and I babysat her. I changed her diaper… totally shaved. Six months old.What a country. That's my new catchphrase. I know that Yakov Smirnoff said it in the '80s, but I'm repurposing it with a malaise. I just wanna shake girls. All the girls here, I wanna just tell you you don't need a vaginal deodorant, okay? I know it seems like a real thing because there's real commercials and for some reason we trust that… that commercials mean it's real, you know? And there's real products on shelves. No, it's a made-up need made by greedy, money-addicted, faceless corporations preying on a woman's greatest insecurity… smelly vagina. If you use regular soap and water in the show… use whatever you wash your asshole with. How about that? Surely that's strong enough for your disgusting vagina. Rinse, and if when you get out of the shower, there's still like something, like a rancidishness coming, um, go to the doctor. Don't spray perfume on it. That's fucking crazy. That's what a crazy person would do. Do you see now? Are your eyes open? Are you living a conscious life? I'm lucky I don't have to worry about that because… I've been with a few men who have told me that my vagina smells like a, um, a peach… a peach tree. A… a peach tree dish. Is that a thing? That joke took real acting. Real-life acting. You had the craziest reaction. He just… his arms were folded and he just went like… Like, “Oh, Sarah! You're incorrigible.” Oh, I'm corrigible.It's not all “The Man.” It isn't. It's not all corporate America. It's us too. We have to take responsibility too. We shit on ourselves. We-we scrutinize ourselves. We-we-we… we think that self-deprecation is modesty. It's not. It's self-obsession, and there's no room for anything else. You think… you think Mother Theresa walked around complaining that the tops of her thighs touched? I mean, they didn't. She was stick thin, the fucking bitch. But she wasn't like, “Okay, this is fine, okay? But it's like then I clench and it's all oatmeal.” No, she was busy. She had things to do. You know one thing I've noticed, people who say the phrase, “Threw me under the bus,” um, say it lot. You know? And I don't think it's because they get thrown under the bus a lot. I think it's because they… they deflect blame a lot. I think it's because they look inward not a lot. And I… you know, Jesus had a great quote… and I know all his quotes are great. There's no Jesus B-sides. But… and I'm paraphrasing… but it's basically like, “If you don't deal with your shit, your shit deals with you.” You know, but it had like “doth” in it. And… it's so true. And I made a short list that I think can help people who don't look inward ever. Um, one: if you quit being cunty, the whole world will stop being against you. If you have terrible luck with roommates, you're the terrible roommate. It's you, doll. If you feel like the whole world is judging you all the time, you're an alcoholic. I don't know why, but specifically alcohol. Dear sirs, your middle-aged pierced ear tells a different story than you think it does. To women of a certain age: your heartbreaking and drastic attempts to look younger are the reason your daughter doesn't dream about her future. Insecurity burbles up in all corners of us, you know. Either you have a chip on your shoulder, you feel like people are disrespecting you all the time, or you get really braggy. You want people to know who you know, but you, like, hide it by shitting on them. Like, “How many fucking videos of a monkey smelling his assy fingers and falling out of a tree can Helen Mirren send me? It's like ridic.” Look at my space work there. It's impressive, isn't it? What does that tell you? BlackBerry. Guess what? Guess what? I don't even own a BlackBerry. I shadowed someone who does for months… to do that bit.There are people that… it's their survival. It's the way they deal with life, to see themselves differently than the way the rest of the world sees them, you know. You get the idea if these people were one or two degrees more onto themselves, they'd fucking kill themselves. I consider myself one of them. I get out of the shower and I'm like, “Nice try, mirror. Those are obviously my mom's boobs.”Sometimes insecurity proves you right. I mean, I… when I moved to L.A., I had an eyebrow. And my roommate at the time was like, “Hey, let's go make this into two. Like, each eye can have one.” And so I went to her waxing lady. I had never been to like a waxing lady and the lady called me in and I'm like following her into a room and she turns around and she goes, “What are we doing today? Just the mustache?” I don't have a mustache. What? I bleach my mustache. That means it's invisible. Bright yellow means you can't see it. But she did, she waxed it, and I remember walking out of the door and being like… I could feel the wind on it, you know? What about this one? “Yeah, whatever.” That, like, jerk-off thing. I believe that's from insecurity. “Yeah, whatever. Pfftt.” What is a guy saying when he does that? He's saying, “Whatever it is we're talking about here, I don't give a shit.” Really? I think you do give a shit. If he didn't give a shit, wouldn't he be just be like… I think you do give a shit, sir. What is he saying? He's saying, “Whatever it is we're talking about here, please don't think I care. Oh my God, I would die if you thought I cared. In exchange, feel free to know my personal jerking-off style. It is so important to me that you think I don't care about whatever it is we're talking about here, I'm willing to exchange that for you knowing that my masturbation style is that, like, I don't… I don't move my hand. My hand is still and I, like, fuck my hand. My hand is locked. And then, like, I fuck… I pretend it's a vagina. I'm not a faggot. And I fuck my hand. I make it like she's shorter than me. Like it's lower and I have to like scoop it in. Oh, fuck you. Sometimes I say it. I go, ‘Scoop. Scoop. Scoop.' But please don't think I care. Oh my God. I would die.”Traumatic things happened to that guy. Traumatic things happened to all of you, by the way. Traumatic things happened to all of us. We just don't realize it because there's no music informing us how to feel or what's gonna come up. There's no slow motion. It just happens in real time and then the next moment and the next moment. My sister used to babysit me when I was three. And she would… she would… okay, I used to think this was a heartbreaking story about me. It's a heartbreaking story about my sister Susie, because she was so, um… she was so starved for love, she was so needy for love. And she would come out and she'd say, “Sarah, if I drink this orange juice, I'm gonna turn into a monster.” And I was so scared. I wish I had the foresight to say, “Hey, how about don't even pour the orange juice?” But I didn't. I didn't think that far ahead. I was three. And I'd go… “Susie, no no!” She'd go… whip open the laundry nook and put on this brown leather ski mask… which why the Silverman family needed a brown leather ski mask I still do not know. She puts it on and she like… I mean I thought I was going to die. I felt the feeling of I'm going to die when I was three. And then this is what's so heartbreaking, she'd go… “I will only turn back into Susie if you hug me.” Like, I wish I had the wherewithal to be like, “Suse, you want a hug? I'd love to hug you. Let's cut out the middleman where I shit my pants.” But instead I'm inching towards this monster I'm terrified of to hug it. Oh God, I'm sorry. That's every relationship I've ever been in. There you go. Breakthrough on stage, HBO Special. She would take the… that threw me for a loop. She'd take the biggest knife out of the kitchen drawer and be like, “It's so funny. Like, I could kill you right now. Isn't that funny?” She gets so upset when I bring this up. No, she's so sweet now. And she… it literally makes her cry when I bring this up, but thank God, umm… she doesn't have HBO. But she's like this liberal, hippy, feminist rabbi that lives in Israel now and she's got five kids and her oldest daughter is going to Brandeis next year, which is… only from Israel can going to Brandeis be a step down in Jewy-ness. I don't know if you're familiar with Brandeis. It's not technically a Jewish school, but I think the team mascot is a nose. If that helps you at all.Okay, this would be terrible if I had just made it up. I didn't. This is really upsetting. But the University of North Carolina did a study and what they found was that 9-11 widows give great handjobs. And I… Don't shoot the messenger. I wish it wasn't true, but… or I am happy for them and their new… boyfriends. I made that up. I'm sorry. I made that up. I thought of it and it made me giggle, and then I got really sad, and then I still needed to say it to you. I don't know what part of me needs to say to you that 9-11 widows give great handjobs. That's dark. That's something I'm gonna talk about in therapy. But I wanted to say it. I needed to say it to you, and so I built a frame around it that forced you to not be able to blame me for saying it. And… but you know what? I feel like you should take some of the blame. Honestly, because you decided to believe that the University of North Carolina would spend money on a study of, what? Trauma-based handjobs? That's crazy. You're crazy. You're being crazy right now.Hmm, I need more rape jokes. I do. I… rape jokes are a hidden gem in comedy. Let me explain. Rape, obviously the most heinous crime imaginable. Rape jokes are great. No, because they make a comic seem so edgy and so dangerous. And the truth is it's like the safest area to talk about in comedy, because who is gonna complain about a rape joke? I mean, I would say rape victims, but they're traditionally not complainers. I know. That's a tasteless joke about the fact that rape victims often don't report rape. I mean, the worst thing that could happen really is someone comes up to you after a show and is like, “Look, I'm a victim of rape and I just wanna say I thought that joke was insensitive and inappropriate and totally my fault and I am so sorry.” Yeah! Right? Let's take back the night back. Oh God. I hope I don't have to say that, you know, no woman is asking to be raped. I actually do think there are some women who are asking to be motorboated.I have a dog who is 19 years old and that's true. And he… you know, sometimes the audience claps because they're really happy for me that I took care of a 19-year-old… No, forget it now! Don't. Stop. He has got these beautiful big blue eyes floating over his big brown eyes and he, um… His breath, um… I've really really thought about this. His breath smells like if all the farts from all the different, like, cultures and nations in the world combine together… and then passed through my grandpa's teeth. And he was constipated and it's so heartbreaking. You know, when a dog gets constipated and they… you can tell because their little knees like quiver. They quiver. And he's pushing so hard and then, like, something broke through and his mouth made a shape I've never seen on a dog. I didn't know it was possible. It was like a perfect circle. Like, “Ohh!” And his little tiny rectum was bleeding… Awww. …and I went to take a picture and I… for the vet. “The vet”… is what I call Twitter. And… You know, when you take a picture, but it's video and you don't realize it? It was basically a picture, but it was like a second and a half and it had breath, ended with me going like, “Urg.” He's great now. He shits like crazy. Only thing that keeps him from shitting in his pants is he… he… he doesn't wear pants. That's a terrible joke. If you do have a dog, here's a great game. You're gonna love this. When you're having sex, lock eyes with your dog. And then you see who looks away first. It's a fun game.Pussy. “Pussy” is a word… it used to have so much power over me. When I was in high school, the word “pussy,” it was so… it grossed me out and yet it was titillating and I just had… I felt like I had Christmas lights inside me. It just affected me so much. I don't even understand how, but when I was young it was like if somebody said it or if I read it somewhere or sometimes I would write it down and look at it… Now I'm just dead inside. Pussy, pussy. Who cares? I found a way to make “pussy” gross again. It's so simple. All you have to do is puff out your cheeks when you say it. Like, “Puhssy.” Puhssy. Puhssy. Now say that becomes old hat, you can add some elements: um, a deadness in the eyes, a lisp. “Puthy.” “Hey, man, you wanna go out and look for some puthy?” Puthy. Puthy. You look so confused. You don't know how to feel. Just like me when I first heard “puthy.” If you're drunk and throw up on a man's penis mid-blowjob, you can save the moment if you can muster a “ta-da.”I love you guys. This is embarrassing. This is a… this is a confession, okay? Uh. Sometimes I get an orgasm from giving a blowjob. Is that normal? Is that, like… to get an orgasm from giving a… oh, not giving a blowjob, taking a shit. Ohh. I… you don't understand. I'm at a show too. You're my show and that joke… is so fun to tell because, like, at the first juncture, the guys are like this, and the girls are like this. And then it just goes whoo! It's like the wave. Don't forget God can see you masturbating. But don't stop. He's almost there. I'm just kidding. There's no God. I believe in miracles though. I really do. I mean, they're obviously science-based. But… they're beyond my comprehension, so to me they're miracles. That's what miracles are. And we are miracles. Think about this: every single person in this room tonight, all 39… including me, 40 of us, there was a time in history… a blip ago in the scope of history… where we were all microscopic specks. That was far out, right? Everybody got deep. There was a time where you could fit a million of me on the head of a pin. There was a time where I lived in my dad's balls. That's the only life I knew. There was a time where I literally was choking on my dad's cum. I was five. No, I'm just kidding. That's disgusting. Erase. That's not part of that joke. I… It's just it went in my head and then I… I couldn't be alone with it. There was a time… my dad, Donny “Schleppy” Silverman, who does my taxes, who I Skype with every Saturday… there was a time where I literally exploded… out of the-guy-who- taught-me-to-ski's penis hole. I can't believe I was ever that thin.I'm an Obama person. Yeah? I like him. I've liked Obama since before he ran for president the first time, when he was a senator in Chicago. Not like I'm so smart or hoity-toity. I just… he was on Letterman and I thought he was cool. And I remember when he decided to run for president, I was like, “I'm gonna work on that campaign.” And I did. And because I live in Los Angeles, I could go to this fundraiser out here that was just star-studded, like a who's-who. And you could walk… you know, he was just a senator at the time, so you could walk right up to him and pet him and I did. I wanted to think of something smart to say or a question to ask and I was like… “Senator Obama, when you were a student in Boston, did you ever encounter any racism?” And I'll never forget what he said. He said… he said, “I'm Kanye West.” And I was like, “Totally. I'm Kanye West too. We all are. I get it. I get it.”We're so divided. We live in a very divided country. Like, it's crazy, you know? It's not even about ideas anymore. It's not even about ideals anymore. It's just teams. It's just the Red Sox and the Yankees. It's just hatred, you know? And I think whether you're liberal or you're conservative, it's so important to remember that we, all of us, love our families, love our country, believe what we're doing is right. You know, maybe liberals are a little more open-minded, a little more progressive. You know, maybe conservatives are a little less progressive, a little more faggotish. But I pray for them. I do. I was just literally praying for the billions of teeny, tiny Republicans that die every single year in hookers' assholes. I know what some of you are thinking, and you're right, you're right. “Really? That's what you're gonna pick on, the Republican Party? That's what you're pick… choosing to pick on? You know, I mean, surely there are Democrats that have butt sex with prostitutes.” You're right. You're 100 percent right. There are. But Democrats aren't trying to take my rights away. So when a Democrat gives a hooker anal warts, she can then go to a clinic and get that shit zapped. It's just bewildering to me that a party that is so about having big government out of their backyard is so intent on legislating my “puthy,” my pussy. My pu… my pussy.People don't make the simplest connections, you know? Hmm, I feel like I have shit here. I don't? That'd be my biggest fear. Okay. Do I have anything in my teeth? I ate blueberries. Yeah, people don't make the simplest connections. I think because we're so close to our own lives, you know, but even in deep ways, but even in not deep… like I used to work at a club… like a music club kinda like this. It had tables and I was… you know, I lit the candles at the tables and put the fliers out and stuff. And the band that was playing had sound check. And they did their sound check and left. But the drummer stayed and she was just sitting at her drums, watching me set up. And I was talking to her and I made some stupid joke and she goes, “Ba-dum-bump.” I was like, “You know that comes from drums, right? You're sitting at drums.” It's like people who go, “Don't get your dog from a breeder! Get your dog from a shelter. You're a fucking asshole if you get your dog from a breeder.” Okay, I agree. I got my dog from a shelter. But it's always coming from a woman who's like nursing a baby with four other kids and I just wanna say like, “Get your people from a shelter. You know there are human puppies in shelters, right?” But people don't like people as much as they like dogs 'cause they don't… they don't see what they hate in themselves looking back in a dog's eyes, you know? If Africa was just all Labradoodles dying of AIDS… we would take care of it in one day.But I wanna have kids. I'm great with kids. I am. I have a lot of bits. Like little girls between, like, two and six-ish, I like to go like this, I go… “I'm gonna tell you a secret. You cannot tell anybody. I'm a princess. But I dress regular so people treat me normal.” And their brains fucking explode. It's so funny. And then the rest of the day, they're spying me like I'm a celebrity, which I know I am, but a lot of toddlers don't know that. And it does, it levels the playing field. Or boys or girls like toddler age, like two-year-olds, if their parents, like, introduce me, I like to go, “I'm your new mommy.” They're so into their mommies at that age. - They're always like… - “No, you're not.” And then I go, “I'm just kidding.” And then just as they start to relax, I go, “I'm your real mommy.” That's more just fun for me. But I do, I want a baby. The thing with me is, like, the caveat is I don't want like a 10-year-old in 10 years. You know what I mean? I want a baby. I figured out a solution I think works for me. I'm not preaching it to anybody, but, um, like, I think I'm gonna adopt, like, terminally-ill babies… every six months to two years-ish or… I feel like there is a blanket of judgment in this area. Why? Are you thinking, “What kind of person would look to adopt a dying baby?” I mean, I think an amazing person. I'm amazing. I have a hu… my heart is too big. Like, I can't take it. My heart can't take… I don't like being made to feel. Like Pixar movies? No fucking way. “Wall-E”? Like the idea to me of a lonely robot in space breaks me. Good, bad… I don't wanna feel. I don't like it. Like, my mother sent me an email that said, “Elephants reunite after 20 years!” Delete. I am not even gonna read that. That will kill me. I'm afraid it will kill me. Those commercials with a starving kid in Africa with flies buzzing around him? I have to remind myself, like, “It's just an actor. It's just an actor.”I love being able to see all 39 of you. Like, it's so cool. But you know who's amazing is the Make-a-Wish Foundation. Just to… you know, they… if you're not familiar with what they do, they work with terminally-ill children and young adults. And what they will do is they will grant these kids any wish they dream up, except for not dying. Which I feel like I'm being nitpicky, 'cause what they do is amazing, but like, I feel like that's gonna be maybe even like 60 percent of their 1 wishes. I just feel like if there was a suggestion box or something, I'd say, “Maybe call it Make-another-Wish.” You guys did a great job. I'm gonna reward you with an incredible song. Oh oh. Is this in tune? Are you a musician? Oh, you should get a haircut. All right. Let's make this real hot and sexy. Nothing but the best for the Largo 39.If you call yourself a diva You better be a singer And not somebody Cutting me in line Oh-oh-oh If you call yourself a diva You better sing a solo And not be someone treating me unkind If you call yourself a diva It better be for reals And not some sad, pathetic Kind of front If you're selfish and you're thoughtless And you're broken And you're heartless You're probably not a diva You're a cunt Cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt Cunt cunt Cunt cunt cunt cunt Cunt cunt cunt Cunt Cunt Cunt cunt Cunt cunt cunt cunt Cunt cunt cunt Cunt Cunt Cu-uuunt Cunt. Thank you so much. Good night! Hey, how did it go? Oh, it was, uh… you know, it's hard to say 'cause it's me and it's… comedy is so subjective, you know. But I guess if I had to say in one word, I'd describe it as, like, “game changer.” Oh, that's two words, what am I saying? Um… “mind blowing.” That's two words again, God! Okay, I'm gonna have to describe it in two words. Uh, “great job, Sarah.” Hey!
I said ‘Shut up, you stupid twat' And… - Oh my God. - I know. Because… And then I'm like: ‘Oh fuck, what did I just do?' But then the audience loved it. They went nuts. And she looked like an idiot, like they're all like, she is a stupid twat that should shut up. - That's awesome. - So it was like felt really good. So that's on the record. It's all like… So many more copies. Called someone a stupid twat on it. Who knows. I just glut out the record finally. It's so good, so good. Perhaps I'm a bit producing it. It's crazy. Wow! And then this book. The stupid idea I had about how guys are jerks. I went on Oprah with it. Oh my God, why didn't you tell me? I would have loved to see that. I didn't know how would it go, I wanted it away. You know. - Can I come on to? - Yeah, for sure. Oh my God, that's so cool. What's going on with you? What about that pilot?- I got it. - Awesome. I know. I'm waiting to hear for it's gonna get picked up. And that looks really good. They really like it. Awesome! It's so great! And Dacky was in it. Cause I brought him to the table reading they needed a dog for one scene and then like “He's perfect”He is perfect. And then I sold that script to this Comedy Central. - A sports thing. - Sport show of all things. I know. I don't even know anything about sports. Who loves. It's concept, I guess. What about a…What about you? What's been going on? I haven't seen you in a while.So much. - Wow, really? - Yeah. I'm doing a lot. So… You've been getting out a lot.I actually wrote a show. Wow, cool. Are you shopping it around or…? No it's doing it. I mean it's… - I mean it's gonna be on. It's a show.- On TV?No, but it's actually like a play slash movie. - It's cool. Like in a theatre. - Wow. Yeah. It sounds amazing.What is it? What's it about? Are you like the star of it? What is it?It's about a … the Holocaust. Yeah. And it's kind of a… But it's funny. And it's also musical.- Oh my God, that sounds awesome.- I know.When are you doing it?It's a real opus, you know. You know what, tonight. And it's actually tonight so I'd better skid detail.- Right now?- Yeah. I've got a bunch of stuff to do pre-pro.Can we come see it? I wanna see it. Shit. It sold out. It's totally sold out, every scene. I know, it sucks.What if we just hang backstage and like watch from the wings or something? Yeah. Can we just be backstage? We can stand by the curtains and be quiet.I can't think why not. - So will you let us know…? - Yeah, sure, definitely. I'm excited. I'm totally excited. So see you guys tonight. - Good luck. - See you at the show.Fuck!“Here I go again with my big mouth.”“Spelling off like I got some going.”“I wrote a show and it's playing tonight?”“I'm so foolish shit man. What was I thinking?”“I gotta write a show but how am I gonna do a show. And I don't even have a show to write.”“I never wrote a show, but if I ever wrote a show, I bet that all of them would know and thinking bites.”“You know what. Fuck down.”“I could write a show.”“I could write a show. I'll just do it.”“I'll write a show.”“All it takes is elbow grease”“And I could write a show.”“I'll write a show tonight.”“I hope I do it right.” “I could take this mixed up world and put it in a show.”“I'll write a show alright.” “And I'll have it by tonight.” “All I need is a theatre space and a bag of weed and a star.”“A star!”“Great!”“Good job, Sarah. I'm writing a whole show for tonight. I don't even have a star. Who's gonna be my star?” “She's gotta be pretty and she's gotta be smart.” “She's gotta be funny and she's gotta be hot.” “She's gotta have a perfect smile just like me.”“I just need a star but who could it be?”“Julia Roberts?”“Nah.”“Nicole Kidman?”“Are you kidding, man?”“Sandra Bullock?”“Sandra Bullock.”“She's gotta be the kind of girl that blows your mind,”“She ought to be better than those three twats combined.”“She's gotta have a thing that you just can't define.”Me. It's me. You are beautiful. No. Not like this. Alright. I'll do it.“I got what it takes. Got what it needs. Got what a show needs.”“I, I'll show them more, little of me. I'm what the world needs.”“Hear the train coming it's coming for me.”“I'm going to Star Town.”“Hear the train coming it's coming for me.”“I'm gonna be a star now.”I'm a comedian, that's what I do. How do we become whatever it is that we become? How is he a lawyer, how is she a hooker? How are we whatever it is we become? I think what it is, it's like as we grow up from child. You know. In our childhood we have all these disfunctions and they kind of… they melt together and they form a formula. An individual formula, it drives us to be whatever it is. We're driven to be, you know. For comedians it's definitely like any kind of humiliation, you know. I know for me. I was a bad wetter willing to my teens. And continue to have a bevy of, you know, unwanted hairs. And I… I was raped by a doctor, which is a so bitter-sweet for a Jewish girl. Thank you. I knew something good would come out of that. Out of rape. I am…I wear this saint Christopher medal sometimes because I'm Jewish but my boyfriend is Catholic and it was just…. It was cute the way he gave it to me, you know. He said if it doesn't burn through my skin it will protect me. Who cares. Different religions, you know. I mean… I guess if you in time with an issue, I suppose would be like if you're having a baby… You got to figure out like how you wanna raise your baby. …or whatever, you know. Which wouldn't even still not be an issue for us because we'd be honest, you know… … and just say, you know like Mammy is one of the chosen people and … … and daddy believes that Jesus is magic. That's not nice. You know Jesus is magic you know because he turn water to wine and he… I think he made the Stature of Liberty disappear. … or something. You know that Jews got all, you know they don't want. But then Jesus movie came out, you know, and but now the Jews didn't want people to see it. Because they felt… Everybody blames the Jews for killing Christ and then the Jews try to pass it off on the Romans. I'm one of the few people that believes it was the blacks. I don't care. Good. I hope the Jews did kill Christ. I'd do it again, I'd fucking do it again on the second. By here is breaking stocks clacking. This way.My boyfriend and I were on like second or third stage, you know, we're like… …we're finally comfortable. You know around. Like I'm finally comfortable enough to pee in front of my boyfriend, which is so great, you know. Cause now I'm gonna try it in the bathroom. And… …we take showers together and you know it's really… I guarantee if you take a shower with your boyfriend, by the time you step out of that shower your breasts will be sparkling clean. Sparkle in. I was licking jelly out of my boyfriend's penis and all of a sudden… …all of a sudden I'm thinking “Oh my God, I'm turning into my mother.” You know it's like… Those clues. You know. Of becoming our parents. It's scary. So scary. Try to get that lilts like that. It's a fun. What if fun cut. So scary. Can I steal you for a minute? Like that kind of voice. I'm so into that. I don't know why it's fun. Can I steal you for a minute?I'm on a birth control pill. Cause I do a lot of fucking. But I want like I wanna try something else, because it's really hormonian and… I'm always looking… I'm always asking my friends what they use for birth control. …take a little poll, like I ask my friend Charlie what he and his wife use for birth controlling. He said he just cums all over her face. I'm gonna try that. He has kids already. My boyfriend, he has kids. I mean they're like… He's got a boy and a girl, they're nine and eleven. And they're great. You know what, he actually made them those ages to commemorate 9-11, which I hate. You know it has a lot more than a pin.I always think like I should get on it if I wanna have kids. I just… You know, once you had thirty you know you've got to decide fast Cause it can be difficult to conceive, it can be dangerous. And the best time to have a baby is when you're black teenager.I'm not like a hoydie-toydie kind of girl. I don't wanna jewels. I'm not like… I don't really… I'm not into jewelry or anything. I'm such a hypocrite. There's a jewel that I think is … I guess I'm in such a jap. There is one jewel that I think is stunning. That I… It's just like a classic. By jap I mean Japanese. But it's a… It's just gorgeous. You know. And it's really… Its rare. You know it's only found like on the tip of the tailbone of Ethiopian babies. They debone the babies. I know that sounds so bad when you say it out aloud. But no, if you saw it… So worth it. You know it's like… How do I even describe it like a… …like if a diamond had that newborn baby smell. I have a moral issue with it obviously cause they're treating the unions that debone the babies really bad. Pick your battles I guess. It's so cute.I can't wait till Sunday I'm gonna see my favorite niece and my other niece. I shouldn't have favorites, I know I shouldn't but I just can't help that she is crazy about me and I just love that in people. And I can make her laugh so easily. I've always been able to make her laugh. Like literally since she was a baby. I could make her laugh, which is so great.And you know what babies love. Ethnic jokes. She came out of the closet recently, my niece. Announced to the family that she is a lesbian. She is seven. Did I mention that? And I don't even know she knows what a lesbian is. But I support her completely. I'll tell you it's heartbreaking. My sister punished her for it. Can you believe that? No pussy for a week. Which to us may not sound likable, but when you're seven. You know, week is a long time. You know. It's like…She goes to a school where the kids are not allowed to play tag on the playground. And the reason that they give is that they say, you know, if a kid loses a tag it could give him low self-esteem. First of all it's fucking retarded. Okay. And, I'm sorry. I know I shouldn't say that. And by retarded I mean, they can do anything.I think self-esteem is born out of things like, you know, I don't know preserving pasts… …losing, you know, or getting through disappointment. Like that. Maybe we should be giving these kids a reason to win. We should be giving them motivation…. …you know, to win.I tell my niece every time she loses a tag an angel get AIDS. For instance. You have to speak her language. You know what I mean. I tell her, you know, that a beautiful angel… …gets full blown-ins. And you know what, she wins. So think about that. I tell her that when God gives you AIDS… When God does give you AIDS by the way? I don't know.Make lemonades. It's called, it's positive spin. You know. I mean it's…That's what we should steal from corporate America, you know. That's what we should steal, one positive thing we should take from the man, you know. Is positive spin. The whole idea of taking something terrible, something tragic and spin it up into something good.And if American Airlines were smart their slogan would be: “American Airlines - first through the towers.” Because it is something in which they came firsts. Right? Right.Obviously I'm not trying to be literal of the events of the September 11. They were devastating. And they were beyond devastating. You know, I don't wanna say especially for these people or especially for these people. But especially for me. Because it happened to be the same exact day that found out that the soy chai latte is like 900 calories. I had been drinking them everyday. Cause you hear soy. You know you think healthy. And it's a lie. But it was also the day we were attacked. Devastating.Remember the rage, you know. And then there is no place to put it. Where do you put it?I'll tell you what I did - domain names. I bought OsamaBinLaden.com, OsamaBinLaden.net, OsamaBinLaden.org. And who's he gotta come to, big ass. Guess what, it's not for sale. Looks like you're gonna have to be Osama 1. And then who is laughing last - America. America is.Was a tough year for me, I actually… it was the same year I suit my manager for sexual harassment. which, I don't know if you know anything about show business, but something that… …boy, you know for a struggling actress to suit her manager out here in Hollywood It's something that … It takes a lot of guts to do. You know. Especially because he didn't do anything.We were in Scotland for a tress camp. The whole agency went.Oh Jesus! - That's horrible. What happened? - What the fuck is this, Karl? You got fire. What? What!? Wochie water. I'm fucking jam this up somebody's ass. I mean come on Sarah. You asked for it. I asked you for use your jam up your own ass, Karl. Would you ask me for it? Fidgy water! I only drink Fidgy water Did you ask for Fidgy water? Cause I'll… Okay, now I'm mad. Now you got me mad. I don't drink this water. It tastes thick. Listen to me. I would break down walls for you okay? I will go into my guy's office and I will personally, you know, masturbate him into a cup for you. Is that what you want? What do you want me to do? You wanna me go liposuction Herbie Weinstein… …and give you some of his fat? What is it you dream of? I wanna be a part of a Sarah's dream. I want you to take your dreams and I want you to use me as a tool. And I want you to carve your dreams out of wood, real wood. Oak. And then I want you to… …deepen in what you lack. So they never change. Never change. What did the agency send you for the show? I told them to send you a gift.Cheese in sausage platter.Cheese in sausage? I wanna take this. I have an early morning meeting. Best part of a strawberry. Best part. Are you ready to do the show?No I'm not ready to do the show, because I can't even lubricate my fuck damn throat.- You know what.- I'm gonna call… I'm gonna call Gogie Water and I'm gonna get mad at myself. I'll get my phone number. I wish I had my cell.No, you know what, Karl. Forget it. Right. You just have my fucking understudy do it.You're up for a show? Get out there and knock them dead, alright?This is so gay. I just promised myself that I'm… ..totally should stop the show for a second… But I just promised myself that I would… …dedicate this performance to my nana. Who although this mean I'll be your cup of tea specifically. But she was very supportive of me. And we were very close. And she passed away a year ago. This is for you nana. I'm sorry. She was ninety-six so obviously I suspect fowl play. I am spending my own money and I'm getting her body exhumed. And I am going to get a full rape exam performed. And I'm gonna get to the bottom of this. And my parents are not behind me. What else is new? They never are. They don't believe in me. So they're wrong this time. That sucks for them. Oh God please let them find semen in my dead grandmother's vagina. My shit and I'm sorry and that belongs offstage.“Can you blow your old nose, can you tie your own shoe?”“If you had go grey once would you even know what to do?”“When you make the duty is it in your pants?”“Or trousers as they suddenly damp?”“Are you mad because your grandson is gay?”“Is it a bummer that your pubes are all grey?”“When you clear your throat is it really disgusting?”“Does it go on for hours and miles?”“You're gonna die soon, you're gonna die soon.”“It's not cold in here you're just dying.”“You're gonna die soon, you're gonna die soon.”“You in the back, you are dying soon.”“You're gonna die soon, you're gonna die soon.”“We're all gonna die but not as soon as you, guys.”“You're gonna die, you're gonna die. You're dying.”“Do you think I'm lazy?”“That's hilarious.”“You're seen around, dye your hair and take drugs.”“The more you shrink, the bigger your mouth gets.”“It drives me crazy how you chew your vomits.”“You told me you hated my perve.”“I've been within you.”“Pick up your prescription. I'm not your candyman. Bagabooms.”“You're gonna die soon, you're gonna die. You're dying.”I'm just sensitive and my skin is peeper thin. And people don't realize that cause I'm sassy and I'm brassy. But I am… I just… You know I see care commercials with these little kids with the giant bellies and the flies. And these are one and two year-old babies, you know. Nine months pregnant. It breaks my heart in two. It breaks my heart in half. And I don't give money cause I don't want them to spend it on drugs. I give. You know I give. You know, I mean I this past summer sent 15 really fun sweaters to this village in Africa. In really fun colors. Expecting nothing by the way. They called their money together, whatever they call it. And bought a stamp and sent me a postcard, thanking me. And it's a, you know, “Thank you”. That day we had enough sweaters for every single member of the village to get one. And that they were delicious.I am working on an open letter and it goes like this:‘Guess what, Martin Luther King. I had a fucking dream too. I had a dream that I was in my living-room. It wasn't my living room, but it was like play in my living room in the dream. And I walk through to the backyard and there's a pool and as I'm diving in there's a shark… …coming up from the water with braces.' So maybe you're no so fucking special. Martin Looser King. Yeah. I wanna be the first comic ever to shit on Martin Luther King.People only talk about the good things. They don't mention he was a litterbug. He would lock… He'd roll up all the windows and lock them and fart in the car with the heat up. Well his family suffered and he would laugh. I just think people should know everything. Before they give someone a day. I'm a comic I've something to say. That's the difference. Learnmedy, that's what I call it.When I was a… When I was little I saw my father's penis by accident and I just… I wasn't scarred by now but I think it really affected me just because I was so young. You know. And so drunk. I did… This is fucked up. When I was in high school I went out with my father's best friend and that's embarrassing, you know. My father having a fourteen year old best friend.It's like the way you treat your kids. You know the way you raise them it forms everything they become. All the hang-ups or whatever they had. I went to get some water, I went to liquor store down the street to get some water. Some delicious Fidgy water actually. Which for some reason just tastes better. And as I'm walking in. There's a man standing outside of the door. Leutering outside the door. And as I walk by he goes ‘I want pussy'. First of all I'm not considered or anything I just… But he, you know… He was talking to me. He definitely was talking to me and he was like ‘I want pussy'. I think it was more like ‘I want pussy'. I can't do these accents. The point is I had every reason to be offended, to be angry, you know, or whatever, but I felt sorry for him. It made me sad, because he was so obvious to me. That this is the person who grew up, who was a child you know, whose mother and father probably never gave him any pussy. You got to think before you judge people. There's the point. Because it's a cycle.I have a joke to that part but. Anyway. The point I'm trying to say is that kids need role models. They need adults in their lives that they can mold their own lives after. Otherwise they gonna grow up and they're gonna be fucked up.Look at strippers. Right? Strippers should be role models for little girls. If only for the fact that they wax their assholes. I don't have the guts. And I don't think a lot of you do either. You excluded, sir. They deserve the purple heart for that, the purple asshole. I have never… I mean the closest I've ever come to waxing my asshole is once I got it washed and styled. They say, you know, strippers, they end up being in porn. It's like a gateway job to porn. I don't know. What you gonna do? I'd never do it. And I could if I wanted to up in approached. Or if I did it would be purely, you know, for political reasons… …because I do not think there are enough Jewish women represented in porn.Fuck my tokus!I'm a bad Jew. I'm a dirty Jew. Fucking dirty Jew. Fuck my fucking tokus.We have fun. Can I steal you?People think Jewish women aren't sexy. That's such a bullshit, you know. Put on a sexy neglige.I have a long neck, that's probably one of my best features. Out of many good features. But it's… I've a very swan-like neck. And my neck is actually six inches long, completely flaccid. I am cheating. I'm measuring from the base of my balls.I was watching a porn and it was like series of vignettes and this one scene featured Ron Jeremy, very famous pornographic lesbian. And he, in the scene he's masturbating on to a lady. But I noticed that his pinky was out. And found out why he does that. I found out why he masturbates with his pinky out. It's because he's classy.I'd like to sing a song. If I may. With your permission. This is a song dedicated to all the porn actors and porn actresses out there.. I know that my guitar is Steve. Did porn for a wile, gay porn. Ladies it was work, it was a job. Trust me, but… I was in gafro. You got gafroed all over your face. But seriously, let's take it down a second. Jennifer, can we take it down, get some mood light in here? Wow, sexy. Sexy lighting.This is a song… Is there anything on me at all?“You give yourself to all lovers.”“Sharing all your liquidness.”“Temporary happiness.”“It's you.”“There's a hole in your butt. Where the duty comes out.”“There's a hole in your butt where the penis goes in.”“Your vagina had so many penises in, that you might as well talk about the times they were not in it.”“Just roll on the times that are more unique.”“Do you ever take drugs so that you can have sex without crying?”“Do you ever take drugs so that you can have sex without crying?”“There's a dream in your head that will never come true. There's a sticking this all over and it didn't come from you.”“You wish your dad had been there but more often times he was not. You can't put your arms around the dirty gang-bang cumshot.”“But that's all you get.”“That's all you get.”“Do you ever take drugs so that you can have sex without crying?”“Do you ever take drugs so that you can have sex without crying?”“There's a hole in your heart where the sorrow poures out. There's a hole in your heart where ambivalence sets in.”“All the penises in the country.”“All the penises in the world.”“All the penises in the galaxy.”“Want your hard hole”Thank you. Thank you for this Silverman.You know who has a tiny vagina? Barbie. Not Klaus Barbie. The anthem is Nazi. Okay. Nazis are assholoes. And I'll be the first one to say it. Some edgy. Nazis are motherfucking asshole wipes, dicks. They cute when they're little. I will get that. You're so cute. Why can they be so small? I always know when its Hitler's birthday. Cause they announced it on Entertainment Tonight. Right before they got a commercial, you see like a silhouette. And then they say, you know,”This man is responsible for the deaths of six million Jews.” Is it Ted Danson? Patrick Doughy?My niece is… my lesbian niece, they all families for a Julian. She goes to hebrew school and loves it. And she called me up and she's like, you know “Aunt Sarah, did you know that Hitler killed sixty million Jews?” And I corrected her and said you know, I think he is responsible for killing six million Jews. And she said “Oh yes, six million, I knew that but seriously, I mean what's the difference?” The difference is sixty million is unforgivable, young lady. Kids, you know. Try to figure them out. I can't. Who could?My nana was a survivor of the Holocaust. I'm sorry, alleged Holocaust. And he had the tattoo, you know, the number and thank God she was at one of the better concentration camps. She had a vanity number, it's said a… “Bedazzled.” Just kind of fun.You know I don't understand the… … Jewish people who drive German cars. It's so… It's not a secret. that companies like Mercedes and BMW and you know, Hitler commissioned Volkswagen. These are companies that built cars for the Nazi war affair. Jewish people who drive German cars it's so gay. It's just gay. And on the other side of the thing there's companies, you know, there's Mercedes, companies like that who… Boy, you know, if they could have only had the foresight, if they only could have seen into the future. The kind of business, you know, the amount of money they'd be making from Jewish consumers. I don't know, maybe they'd help not killed the Jews. But, you know… Instead they helped, facilitated genocide of a people who would ultimately become their best customers. Any Jew will tell you it's just bad business, you know.And now I feel preachy. But I just … I really believe this to be true. I believe that if black people were in Germany during World War 2, that the Holocaust would have never happened. I do, you know. Or not to Jews.I got in trouble for saying the word ‘chink' on a talk show. On the network talk show. It was in the context of a joke, you know. Obviously that would be weird. I'd be like a really bad career choice. But nevertheless the president of an Asian-American watched our group out here in Los Angeles. His name is Guy Ayoki. And he was up in arms about it. And he put my name in all the papers, calling me a racist. And it hurts. I mean as a Jew, as a member of the Jewish community… …I was really concerned that we're loosing control of the media. I'm right. I mean like what kind of world do we live in, where a totally cute white girl can't say chink on network television? It's like the 50's. It's scary.There are only two Asian people that I know that I have any problem with, at all. One is Guy Ayoki, the other is my friend Steve who actually went pee-pee in my coke. He's all ‘Me Chinese, me play joke' If you have to explain it, Steve, it's not funny. It's not funny. We have to break it down. You have to be able to laugh at yourself. So… It's what I tell Asian people all the time. They don't listen.Midgets. You know the politically correct word for ‘midget' is ‘little person'. Which just tickles me because it's like the only politically correct word that actually more insulting than the original one. Midgets don't like being called ‘little people'. They much prefer ‘Yes you are!' Thank you for laughing at that. I appreciate it. I always feel crappy when I do that joke. It gets such a good laugh. I just feel like. What did midgets ever do? You know as a people to deserve to be marked. They're human beings born extra crazy small. I don't think like anybody here thinks we should make fun of midgets. But we do anyway. I think it's because… I'll tell you why we make fun of midgets. We're not afraid of them. That's what it always boils down to, cross the board.I mean, I had a joke with the word ‘nigger' in it, that I thought was so edgy. And so hip. I was doing it all over town at comedy clubs and I was at one this one club… …doing my show and I look in a front row and a whole front table is black people. Or African American people. And you know what? He was half and half. I'm pretty sure. But the point is I didn't do the joke. And you get ask yourself, is that an edgy joke or is that the racist joke? I didn't do it cause I was afraid of them. I didn't. And I ended up changing that joke to chinks.So you live and you learn and hopefully you grow. I was going… I was about to go on a talk show and talk about that whole kind of idea how we make fun of people that we're not afraid of. But we refrain from making fun of people we… that scare us. And I was about to go on and a segment producer came over to me and he said. You know, instead of niggers say the N word. And I said, great, what do you want me to say for chink? And he said ‘Say chink.' Why?I'd like to sing a song for you now. It's twisted. A love song. Oh shit. I did that on rehearsal too, I forgot and the guy, one of the guys working in a back said ‘Plug it in'. And I said “Yeah, we will fucking rip it up”. Plug it in. One, two, three, four.“I love you more than bears love honey.”“I love you more than Jews love money.”“I love you more than Asians are good at math.”“I love you even if it's not hip.”“I love you more than black people don't tip.”“I love you more than Puerto Ricans need baths.”“I love you more than girls love dolls.”“I love you more than dogs love balls.”“I love you more than the white stuff in us it.”“I love you like Gary Busey.”“I love you more than Dikes love pussy.”“I love you more than my after show monster bone heap.”“Jewish people driving German cars.”“Jewie people buying German cars.”“What the cock is that shit?”“But maybe it's like take back for night.”“Maybe it's like a bleeding hearts grow old and swing to the right.”“Maybe it's like when a faggot calls himself a faggot.”“Jewish people driving German cars.”“It's the opposite of foo-boo.”“But maybe it's Patty Herst siding with her kidnappers, maybe it's like African miner killing diamond-bering gangster robbers.”“Maybe it's like when blackeyes calls each other niggers.”“Cha-cha-cha.”My friend Ryan Lynch came for me tonight. We got drunk and… he got drunk I don't drink, but I think I… something happened. I dared him to deep his balls into his drink for a dollar, for a second. And would not do it. I just thought it'd be funny if he like, I don't know, play… like pleate them in. He wouldn't do it. I just think it's interesting, like I know exactly why he wouldn't do it. And this is interesting. He wouldn't do it because he knew if he put them in his drink and they floated… …we would know that his balls are bewitched. And I just… love that, you know. I love like getting into the psychology of people.I did not lose my virginity until was 26. And that's true. 19 vaginally. But 26, you know, what my boyfriend calls the ‘real way'. You know what, that's a fucking disgusting joke. And I don't do that. That's a fictional. That's a joke, I mean I don't… That's fucking nasty. And I don't… My asshole is… It's totally for decoration. It's like an appendix. I tell people that I was shocked. I am… And my friend Mike was… he was like on last night ‘Oh, you know, it's not disgusting, it's natural.' It's like trying to sell me on it being natural. First of all duty comes out of there, okay. And second of all fucking duty comes out of here. I don't need two reasons when duties involved. I'm like going off and then remember as I'm talking that Mike is gay. And I now have to backpedal and say like ‘no, your asshole is like your vagina. That's totally cool'.I think on my figs, I'm a comedian. And he took me to the gay march this year and it was blast, I haven't been there before. And it's so fun and it's just crazy. I just don't want… like I don't wanna be labeled as straight or labbled as gay. I just want people to look at me and see me. You know that's white. I can say that, by the way, cause I used to go out with a guy who was half black. Who totally broke up with me. Cause I'm a fucking loser. I just heard myself say that. I'm such a pessimist. It was a worst attitude. He's a half-white. And he totally broke up with me. And it's funny now, like what is it? King size 20-20 or whatever. Like I know it so obvious to me now why he broke up with me. Cause he has so fucking low self esteem. And I can't compete with that, like everybody knows somebody who… it's like anything you say to them they gonna take it. They gonna hear it in the most negative way. You know what I mean. And he was like. You could give him… Like I gave him a compliment, alright. I told him he probably would have made like a really expensive slave. Like in the olden time days. Not now. What does he do? Right. It goes through the roobe gold berg, you know craziest straw of his low self esteem. And it hit his ear and he heard something. Fucked up. I can't control that. Like I can't control what he hears. He has to learn how to love himself. Before I can stop hating his people. As a people.I don't care if you think I'm racist. I just want you to think I'm thin. I do talk a little bit about race. The important thing its like the… Like if I based my material on stereotypes. That would be messed up. It would. But I don't. Okay. I base it on facts. Fact the SAT test, the test that basically decides whether you go to college or not. Is called truly byest towards Caucasians. That's a fact. Okay, I heard that somewhere. Fact… It the year 2004 women still get paid 70 cents to every dollar a men gets paid. And that's a fact. Okay. Fact, every 30 seconds in this country a person of color jumps up and down and waves their arms behind a local news reporter. Fact. I went out with the Mexican man. Do racist people go out with Mexican men? I don't think so. No, they're filthy. It's so hard like… I feel about like it's jokes. You know like this woman came up to me last night a she was Mexican and… …she was so irate, you know she was so angry. And he came up to me ad she said ‘You know I'm Mexican and I don't stink' And it's just broke my heart. Like I had to explain to her like you can't smell yourself.Thanks a lot. Thank you so much. And we would love to, and I mean the royal We, leave you with a song. Something inspirational to live with. Amazing grace.“Amazing grace how sweet it sounds. That save the rash like me.”“I once was lost but now I'm found. Was blind but now I see.”“It was grace that taught my heart to fear. And grace my fears relieved.”“A precious day that grace appeared the hour I first believed.”“Amazing grace, how sweet it sounds, that save the rash like me.”“I once was lost but now I'm found, was blind by now I…”“Was blind by now I'm…”“Blind by now I see.”“I say no good people turn their hips each day so satisfied I'm on my way.”Good night! Come in. Hi. - Oh my God, you were so great. - Thank you. It was awesome. It was amazing. It's like all new material. And rape, and AIDS and Holocaust, just like you said. I was so cool. You must be so proud of yourself. - It is so great. - I am. Wow, look at this, it's so pretty. It's beautiful. Oh my God what a spread. Do you guys want something? - I'm so hungry actually. I'm starving. - Yeah I'm dying. This is like my dinner. I've got some Wochie water, delicious. If you want. Actually it's just the last one, so just you can split it. When do you drink a whole water? I always leave it. - Do you want some? - No I'm good. I can open. This one is open. Thanks for coming by. And I'm sorry I just think I want… … like me alone. Oh yeah, of course. - We all just, you know, we'll call you. - Like now. Okay. It's okay. - We'll go get a drink. - Great job. We gonna get a drink and… Have a good time. It was awesome. I know! Bye Sarah. Bye-bye. Thank you. You did it, kid. Come over here, I got a secret for you. You're fucking amazing. You are a star. And I'm a star fucker. I didn't get any sleep. I went to sleep at 1 in the morning. I woke up at 3 in the morning. Because I was just excited. I made myself stay in bed, but it was like this in bed. What are you gonna do? Maybe I'll take a nap. You know. When I'm dead. Alright? Fuck yeah! What is that noise, It's a child laughing. It's really hard, guys. Seriously don't go into acting, cause it's totally like harder work than you think. You know what? It just like.. I just… It helps me realize I'm alive. Going out with the guy who drives German car. And I'm looking for a Yin to my Yang. Looking for a Yin to my Yang. He hates women too and I love it. So fuck you. A bird shit on me. A day before yesterday. Do you feel lucky? I felt lucky. Yeah. I was like… I imagine the birds, they lay eggs and they're like ‘Oh my God, I can't believe it came out of my pussy'. My name is Laura Silverman I'm actually Sarah's sister. In real life. And I'm playing her friend which I'm not in real life. And I'm Brian Posehn, her friend. And I'm actually playing her sister. Hey guys. -Hey. We're doing a little… - Hi Sarah. Feature out. In the scene we sink in. - Cool. - Yeah. No. We just doing joke… So how is it working with Sarah? It's horrib… great. It's if you really-really into Sarah it's great. Because Jews into Sarah. Yeah. So we have a common interest. Three of the actors just died from that. I'm 1 year and 1 month pregnant I'm 13 months pregnant, I just found out. That's what Steve calls his wife - the Cuntintsky. I'm not married. Whatever. Fuck you. Fucker. Alright you're good there. Motherfucker. Okay guys. I came in here to have gas. Like Marla Thomas that just walked in on her father under a coffee table with girl take mission on it. What's f…. What's funny? I would love to know what's funny? You guys better go. Thanks a lot. Fuck. Fucking take it! The best time to get pregnant is when you're a black teenager. Nazis are assholoes. But that's totally not true because they're cute when they're little.
